In startup we are gamify site outage. Three outage and ops team is out.
Attention devops! Make of sure you have strong plan C. Plan A and B are never work.
In startup we have great of capability for churn out solution. Please send problem,  we are pay good money.
You can not able spell business without BS.
In startup we are only use technology if is cover in blog of expert devops on benchmark is run on own laptop.
Cloud is not ready for enterprise if is not integrate with single server running Active Directory.
Fact of useless: 90% of data is not exist 2 year ago. Fact of use: 90% of data is useless.
Every PaaS can able be reduce to 120 Perl script.
In startup we are practice Outage Driven Infrastructure.
Dirty secret of Big Data is you can not able deploy if you not have SQL expert on staff.
You can not able have unlimit scalability without unlimit outage.
Word "impossible" is not exist in devops vocabulary. Instead we are use "done by Q4".
For increase revenue we are introduce paywall between dev team and ops team.
50% of devops are confuse causation with correlation. Other 50% are just take wild ass guess.
So many of enterprise Hadoop vendor, so little of time.
Correct ratio is 1 devops for 100 server because is not possible of ssh and give personalize attention on more server in 1 day.
In devops we have best minds of generation are deal with flaky VPN client.
Source of Microsoft and Hortonworks are tell me Hadoop for Windows is release as Excel plugin.
Source of Mozilla is tell me Firefox OS is write in HTML5 one-liner.
For every of stakeholder involve in your project is completion of project delay by 6 month.
In startup we can only able use maven if autocorrect is enable.
Every of social feature you are add to application is require double of number of database server.
Want of become enemy of ops? Install developer friendly product.
In startup we are have immediate open for frontend Erlang engineer.
In startup developer can able commit line of code only if other developer is remove line of code.
Is no I in backup.
In startup if you are call us you are speak with 3 human before robot is solve your problem.
Devops is mean never have for say sorry when you are use XML.
If you are windows devops I can able endorse you on LinkedIn immediate on reboot 50 web server every of hour!
In startup we are final master art of agile waterfall.
Devops is intersection of lover of cloud and hater of wake up at 3 in morning.
In startup we are work hard but then we are work harder.
In devops optimist is person which is see glass as 99.999% full.
I have often see grow devops cry because of spanning tree loop.
Conflict resolution is most important skill of manager. In startup we are force all manager for use git.
Pair programming is good concept but is involve too many programmer.
I manage of delegate 90% of time. 80% of delegate is to my self.
In startup we are celebrate teamwork by create many team of one.
If is easy of use, then is hard of debug.
Source of Facebook is tell me only way of get rid of irritate error page is reboot internet.
Rockstar programmer are just as you and me but they can also able write insecure Ruby code.
Junior programmer is everybody can able understand your code is wrong. Senior programmer is nobody can able understand your code is wrong.
Small Data is when is fit in RAM. Big Data is when is crash because is not fit in RAM.
In startup we are leave critical bug in each of release so we can able fix in next release.
In devops is only necessary for remember two thing: 1) nothing is succeed like failure; 2) nothing is fail like success.
Is always user error. Especial in case of user which is operate core router.
Good thing of public cloud is you can able return it in 30 day.
Big advantage of run own private cloud is when is go down is only take your site down.
Two wrong are not make one right except in distributed database.
Every of MVC web application can able be reduce to 150 line Perl script.
If shit is never hit fan you are not get enough shit done.
Law of sales call: every of vendor is in top 1% of all vendor.
Every 2 day outage is start with wide eye dream of change world.
Graphite graph and Nagios check or has never happen.
Is always 2 problem in devops because they are out of sync.
Devops good news! Devops is 100% peoples and culture so you not have of understand functional programming!
In startup we are have new problem of deal with Big Metadata.
In startup we are always start with plan C.
In startup we are pull plug on site periodic so user not get too pamper.
Best decision we ever make in startup was outsource all site outage to Cloud provider.
Senior devops is walk into bar. Junior devops is walk into server room of bar.
Fact: 'shit is happen'. Opinion: 'We are offer SLA of five 9 uptime'.
Every web site is evolve until is fail in monetize social graph of its user.
Best way for explain concept of DevOps to CIO: is like TaskRabbit, but power by The Avengers.
If you are senior devops, best gift you can able give junior devops is teach how fail fast.
In devops we are put fail in failover.
90% of devops are fail simple interview question of what is most critical piece of infrastructure. Is outgoing mail on Nagios server!
90% of 5 Why exercise is result in open can of worm.
In lean startup we are only use 3rd party software which is enterprise-ready.
If is ain't distributed, not fix it.
Devops remember is never cause for panic unless thing is work perfect from start!
Hard part in devops is make money from wheel after you are reinvent it.
First requisite of get shit done is be able for deal with lot of shit.
Software project 1) On time 2) On budget 3) With quality. You can not able pick any.
Yesterday I have bird and bee discussion with junior devops for make realize cloud instance is born of real hardware.
If you are want of do real work you can not able use cloud because nothing is real in cloud.
Best Big Data analytic is base on guesstimate.
Big Data is any thing which is crash Excel.
Distributed database is only as good as network engineer which is in charge of push cable all way in switch port.
If unit test are pass 100% of time you are do it wrong.
Difference of senior programmer and junior programmer is one thousand segfault.
If at first you are not succeed, is time for abandon node.js.
For devops manager: if task is take 15 min, then first break into two 30 minute tasks then delegate.
In devops we are sometimes drop one 9 out of five 9s because we are get too bored.
1+1=2 only in legacy system. In modern distributed database with eventual consistent is 1+1=1.
In devops we are face fiscal cliff every year when Oracle license is up for renew.
In 2013 is too many cloud, too little time.
Resolution #2 for year 2013 is put back Java in Javascript.
Resolution for year 2013 is cut money pay for cloud in half by run A with no H.
Mining of Big Data is problem solve in 2013 with zgrep.
In 2013 will be configuration management tool of choice as of usual ssh command wrap in for loop in bash script.
Worst failure in devops are happen in high availability architectures (also know as Paradox of RAID Controller Failure).
#1 most use Unix command is "ls-l a".
In devops we are only as good as last success reboot of Cisco core switch.
Is take most senior devops for introduce most spectacular bug.
Junior devops are soon learn lesson of they own their reliability. Senior devops are soon learn lesson of they own their nonreliability.
In agile startup we have policy of "is not bug, is feature" unless bug is open by CEO.
Effect of observer in devops: once you are optimize metric, is lose relevance as metric.
For start of new year I am recommend you discard all advice and opinion of cloud expert from last 3 year.
5 Hot of Technology for Internet in 2013: BGP, DNS, SMTP, SNMP, HTTP.
Every advance civilization is progress until is run out of IPv4 address.
When you are deploy new infrastructure first ICMP reply is hardest.
First stumbling block in career of new programmer is compose of commit message.
90% of insight in Big Data is base on Small Data.
In devops is end of world only when EC2 is run out of capacity.
Troubleshoot of VPN tunnel is colonoscopy of devops.
I am big believe in Continuous Deployment as long as is not touch production.
In startup we are allow all developer use 20% of time for write code with not TDD so they can able of actual get shit done.
Advantage of Agile is can able of allow you get nowhere much faster.
Is not devops if dev is not on pager.
Law of Murphy for devops: if thing can able go wrong, is mean is already wrong but you not have Nagios alert of it yet.
If you can not able use Perl for answer, you are ask wrong question.
In devops method of 5 Why is simple. You are start with problem and work in backwards until you are find root cause of router is down.
Only 10% in devops are know how of work with Big Data. Only 1% are realize they are need 2 Big Data for fault tolerance.
90% of problem in devops can able solve with one of 3 thing: 1) SSD 2) CDN 3) AWS
All work and no play is make Jack CCNA.
In devops we are happy even if is shit bad because we are know how much of worse is can able be.
Paradox of cloud: more reliable is site seem to user, less sleep is get for devops in charge of site.
Show me result you are want and I am tailor benchmark which is show your result.
Childrens of J2EE devops are have unfair advantage for assemble Lego because they can able use Spring Integration.
Is nothing better as toy example not connect to real world for get talk accept at conference.
In devops is success 5% inspiration, 15% git clone, 25% copy and paste and 55% bulls shit.
Source of HP is tell me they are abandon hardware business and focus on cloud because is not need of hardware if you are use cloud.
You are not true Java programmer if you are not write enterprise software for personal project.
In devops nostalgia is when you are label SSD with letter A:
Choose name of server is all fun and game until you are terminate wrong instance of MySQL master server.
Only consolation for devops who are need of manual shard of database is they are in 1%.
If you are do actual work more of 2 hour in day you are do it wrong. #leanstartup
In startup we are have Minesweeper contest while we are wait for vary ruby gem for install.
Main difference is continuous deployment is break web site 40% of time and continuous delivery is break web site 80% of time.
Main difference of data center and cloud: in data center you are need 2 of everything, in cloud you are need 20 of everything.
Little know fact is 90% of Big Data is result in No Data.
I am almost finish with "Knuth Vol. 3 Sorting and Searching for Dummies".
In startup we are pass stage of infrastructure as code and we are now work on infrastructure as bug.
You can only able have 2 of 3: enterprise, cloud, strategy.
For name scheme of server I am recommend snowflake follow by number.
Worst of day in devops is when Cyber Monday is fall on Friday.
In devops is no try, is only catch or not catch of exception.
In devops only certification is when you have work 48 hour with not sleep.
Rule #1 of agile startup is never of use QA team when you can able pay customer for find worst bug.
Regret in devops is when you are monitor cloud instance which was terminate of last week.
Is always disk space issue unless you are follow best practice of have database in RAM.
Is not site outage if nobody is tweet of it.
I am almost finish with article for IT World has interview with all 7 customer of Azure cloud.
Hater is go for hate, but Yahoo Mail is still #1 in Czechoslovakia.
Enterprise Big Data is start with Hadoop over iSCSI and is end with broke dream.
Behind every of successfully devops is Perl skeleton in closet.
@elliot_bentley @JAXenterCOM you can able send electronic postage for devopsborat at yahoo point com.
In startup we have immediate open for 2 devops which are need for port Perl codebase to Akka!
Devops is good news! You are not need unit test if you are do continuous deployment to cloud!
In startup we are do load test by choose vendor with best of publish performance number.
Is not over until core router is say is over.
When you are run DROP DATABASE you are have of many problem but Big Data is not of one of them.
Non devops are need of learn email is not best way of contact devops. Best way is not contact.
Source of Google is tell me for employee is Google+ or Xoogler.
In devops we are ignore any of email which is not come from Nagios.
I can able watch preview of talking on "How we use technology internally at Google". Is 354 blank slide.
In startup we are practice Pager Driven Operations.
Worst mistake is always happen in batch.
In devops nobody is get fire for buy open source.
In startup we are apply strategy of one size fail all.
I final have ebook out "System Engineering for Dummy"! Is 231 page on dd command.
You can not able full understand DNS unless you are name Paul Mockapetris, Paul Vixie or Cricket Liu.
In devops is turtle all way down but at bottom is perl script.
Is so easy of get start with devops! First step is tail -f /var/log/messages.
What is happen in cloud is stay in cloud because nobody can able reproduce outside of cloud.
Lean Analytic is when you are exclusive use of find, grep and wc.
In devops we are have 28 different word for 'blame'.
Data Analytic is base on 20% fact and 80% IMHO.
In startup we are only deploy dashboard if is know to produce orgasm for Tufte.
Source of Oracle is tell me they are buy Mark Shuttleworth next.
80% of self profess devops are sysadmin which have wet dream they are developer.
Is not of Big Data you are ingest, is of Analytic you are excrete.
Nagios alert or is never happen.
All devops are evolve until they are become tool.
If 5 Why technique is not always point to computer fault you are do it wrong.
All language are evolve until they are become 4GL.
Law of social media: API is free only if people are click on ads on home page of API creator.
You can able tell junior devops by they are believe thing are exist which are both important and not in backup.
Good way of ensure worst bug is escape in production is have 100% test coverage.
In devops is not correct 'shit hit fan' but 'shit hit load balancer'.
Big devops mistake #1: boast of use Cloud and Big Data. Big devops mistake #2: not use Cloud and Big Data.
Big Data Analytic is show 80% of code on GitHub is crap and other 20% is not compile.
Explanation for junior devops: code is hot air balloon and unit test is ballast. Is fun of throw away all ballast!
In 75% of case if you are clean Big Data you are get Small Data.
When programmer are talk of safe sex they are actual think of code with unit test. And other way around.
In devops are simple substitution for make meaning more clear. Example s/cluster/clusterfuck/. Example s/80% done/will never be finish/.
I have almost finish manage IT for Olympic 2012. Two thing of remember: 1) 100% uptime. 2) 0% Cloud.
@AlexaMorales please of send question to devopsborat yahoo.
Devops are sysadmin but with not knowledge of layer 3 and below.
When devops are say 'hybrid cloud' is mean 50% automate public cloud and 50% manual data center rack.
OpenStack is Esperanto of cloud. Same adoption.
Difference of dev and ops in 2012 is web site can able write itself but can not able scale itself.
Senior devops are have own Wikipedia page. Junior devops are have own Wiki page.
Devops STD is get by call wrong API.
Source of Yahoo is tell me first product launch of Marissa Mayer is Yahoo Plus.
At conference you can able tell cloud devops by they are always leave dinner for respond to pager.
In devops term for 'something we are not understand' is 'machinery'.
In startup we are only hire entrepreneur type which mean everything is rewrite from scratch every 2 year.
If you are think Perl is impossible for answer, you are ask wrong question.
Bad code is become liability after 6 month. Good code after 36 month.
Source of CERN is tell me next monumental task for them is find trace of Linux on desktop.
In startup most of time spend by devops team is teach team of Data Scientist use find and grep.
In startup we are only use technology which is have For Dummies book.
Cloud virgin is when you are think NFS in cloud is next best of thing after EBS.
Source of Google is tell me next version of Android is optimize for Hadoop.
If programmer is tell you task is next on todo list, is mean next year.
In devops 80% of battle is know which is cause and which is effect.
In startup we are only use cloud which is hybrid, agile and open.
In startup we are always maintain N+1 redundancy for shell scripts.
Hello World in cloud is involve 1 load balancer, 3 web server and 2 database server.
For understand devops terminology you need of replace 'continuous' with 'half ass automated'.
Source of GitHub is tell me they have next step of acquire Facebook.
In startup we are only hire cofounder and above.
If is too good for be true is mean is only ever deploy in staging not production.
Beautiful code is never work in production.
Almost finish article for GigaOM on 'Analyze yours Big Data with Hadoop in 760 easy step'.
Every of devops team is have at least 3 shell script which is critical and is not in source control or backup.
Main advantage of Google Compute Engine over EC2 is instance can able fail twice as fast.
In startup we are only hire devops with Alma Mater of Udacity or Coursera.
In startup we are practice NoOps, NoSQL and NoScrum.
Are 3 thing impossible in devops 1) Not Nagios alert for 1 day 2) Easy fast autoscale database 3) Develop all feature request by product
You can able tell junior devops by they have never type telnet:// in browser for access of remote host.
In startup we are apply Etsy model of new hire engineer is allow of bring site down on first day.
For devops TODO list I recommend use hash table.
Big Data Analytic is show 100% of attendee of #velocityconf is devops. Also 0.5% of attendee is dev.
Road to devops hell is pave with good intention of vendor.
If is worth make infrastructure scalable, is worth make it infinite scalable.
If you can not able do it from command line, is not worth do it.
You can not able be PaaS expert if you ever run ./configure; make; make install.
You are not senior devops if you have never write direct to socket in your life.
In devops word for crap is 'alpha'.
Big Data Analytic is show devops are spend 12.5% of life in type 'ls- la'.
In startup we are use new technique call 5 Why Not Me for show how nobody is of blame for outage.
In next of 2 year most common cloud rollout strategy is 'PaaS and Pray'.
Oracle Cloud is combine best of both world: cheap of Oracle Enterprise DB and simple of J2EE.
In cloud nothing is real.
Big Data Analytic is show 90% of devops which are use word 'benchmark' in sentence are also use word 'laptop' in same sentence.
Big Data Analytic is show most request feature in cloud is Ctrl-Z.
For every minute you are spend install package from source your life is get short by 2 minute.
Main difference of junior and senior devops is 4 programming language.
In devops are 10% get shit done. Rest are get bullshit done.
June is Month of Awareness for Backup. For celebrate I am recommend restore.
1 million monkey hit random key for 1 million year can able generate Hamlet but not internal Wiki documentation.
If you are devops struggle with Chef is help of think it as Puppet++.
Pure luck is play 40% role in any of continuous delivery process.
Is shock when you are discover most of senior devops are bots.
In devops you are either with us or you are use Windows.
Fundamental law of devops: after enough of time all storage system is become too small or too slow.
Junior devops is when you are not yet know of all road is lead to Nagios.
80% of devops are blow own horn. Only 10% of they are also monitor it.
Any sufficient large quantity of data is indistinguish from Big Data.
If use Linux VM in Microsoft Azure cloud please of read small print first! You are oblige of patch and reboot every of Tuesday!
In devops are 80% talk the talk, 15% talk the walk and 5% walk the walk.
30% of every thing in devops is fucking lie.
80% of initiative which are include 1 step forward are also include 2 step back.
Every thing is 10x in cloud. Especially I/O latency.
We have lawsuit of 2 big ISP in Kazakhstan and judge is learn how easy is of deploy private cloud on laptop with Vagrant!
You can able tell junior devops by they are still not learn of manual change on server is overwrite in next 15 minute by Puppet.
First step for avoid DoS attack is block 127.0.0.1.
48% of devops are automate their test. 12% are test their automation. 3% are do both.
Big Data Analytic is show 80% of devops are on probation for technical debt.
Main difference of dev and ops is ops are debug exclusive by use print to stdout.
Famous last word in devops: RTFM.
In startup we are only accept git push request.
DevOps remember! For pickup hot date at bar is sufficient of speak JSON.
If boss is understand task you are working on, you are do DevOps wrong.
In devops we can only able get shit done if we are move 95% of task to NOTTODO list.
You know open source product is impossible of use when creator is start consultancy around it.
In startup we have tenure for all devops is exact 1 year. They have choice of automate themself out of job or get fire.
In startup we are very busy of explain why we are need Hadoop so we not have time for use Hadoop.
In startup we have good velocity base on 2 week Waterfall sprint.
90% of Big Data of any engineer is in actual small.
In devops is 9 of 10 problem relate to storage.
Good thing is on Internet nobody know you are devops ninja.
In startup we are not allow dev team for talk to ops team except by API.
I never see Big Data solution which is not involve sed.
In startup is make or break time when CEO is want of install Big Data on laptop.
In startup we are have strict policy of 3 thousand fail unit test and you are out.
In startup we are only check in line of code that is get at least 10 RT.
In startup we are practice Continuous Delivery follow immediate by Continuous Revert To Old Code.
Source of Google is tell me they are soon launch new API is return 10 strongest password store on Google Drive.
I am almost finish with book "Rewrite from scratch instead of refactor for Dummies".
In devops is intensity of opinion at technology as inverse proportion with experience at same technology.
In startup we are practice threesome programming.
If you can not able express it in 20 line of code, is better of not express it.
In devops intuition is very small voice in head which is say not of run rm -rf /
Survey is show 90% of devops are spend first year of all new job by rewrite 90% of code of predecessor.
5% of devops are have infrastructure as code. Rest of 95% are have infrastructure as PowerPoint.
In devops we are all fan which is wait for shit to hit.
Survey is show junior devops are still believe in Tooth Fairy, Santa Claus and documentation.
You can only able call yourself senior programmer if you are spend more minute in meeting as in write code.
Is all fun and game until you are need of put it in production.
Honeymoon with any of new technology is 1 week. After 7 month is itch.
Definition of 'ignore': message of critical notification which is skip inbox and go direct to gmail filter.
After 3 beer I can able use any of cloud API.
For AWS competitor is not over until @jeffbarr is blog.
Quality is enemy of better quality. Is why we are never get shit done.
In devops we are never assign blame, we are just try of find out how the fuck it happen.
Please of only apply for NoOps position in startup if you have in-deep skill of NoHardware and NoOS.
In NoOps team in startup we are hire NoOp engineer! Computer science study is minus.
In devops we are celebrate April Fool Day today is also know as Windows Sysadmin Day.
You can not able understand expression "jump the shark" if you not study #leanstartup.
Goal of sysadmin is replace itself with small shell script. Goal of devops is replace itself with small REST API.
In startup we are allow all employee for use 20% time on personal project but only in weekend.
In devops we have success is 10% inspiration and 90% Not Invented Here.
In agile startup we are current experiment with one night standup.
Each of meeting of 15 minute is push delivery date by 15 day.
Number of cloud instance launch by ops team is direct proportional with LOC write by dev team.
Fool me of once, shame on you. Fool me of twice, #monitoringsucks.
Is very easy for devops for be most popular in company. Always say 'let me drop of everything I do and help you!'.
Top 5 quality of devops: 1) vast 2) experience 3) with 4) all 5) nighter
Dirty secret of NoOps is they are keep 3 fuckin sysadmin on call at all time!
Big Data is hard because you are never sure which Hadoop you are need of use.
Almost finish with book "'Why you need of port shell script more of 100 line to Perl right now! for Dummies".
In devops we are always have quiet celebration when server is come back up after reboot.
If you are not wake up of Nagios minimum 2 time per week, your technology is not sufficient cutting-edge.
Law of entropy for documentation: after 60 day, each piece of documentation is either invalid or can not able be found.
Big Data Analytic is show 95% of devops are engineer and 65% have college degree!
In startup we have all new devops deploy in Visio on day one!
I like NoOps very much. Is not possible of assign blame when server is go down!
You are not true devops unless you are practice 'cron and forget'.
If you hear devops is mutter "Shit got real" is probably Unicode error.
In devops we are always give 100%. Most common way is of bring 5 task to 20% each.
Almost finish new command line utility 'gtfo' for roll out cloud instance quick.
Source of Amazon is tell me best monitoring strategy is watch Netflix. If is up, they can able blame customer. If is down, they are fuck.
In startup we have NoOps and NoIdea.
Is all fun and game until you can not able ping it.
In startup we are try of hire devops with no idea but is very hard, they all are apply to Y Combinator!
If you not have disaster recovery strategy for your disaster recovery procedure you are do it wrong.
Sign economy is bad is when devops are start of advertise they are document code for food.
In devops we are have few of aha moment but lot of WTF moment.
In devops any of fool can able come up with funny absurd thing. Is take senior devops for actual deploy it.
@centipedefarmer you are true. Point 1 is more hard of point 2.
In startup we have manager always start day by praise 4 devops and criticize 1 devops of random.
In devops we can not able read any documentation longer of 140 characters.
Slashdot is Reddit for hipster.
Life of devops in 6 word: "I thought it was staging database"
In devops you can able choose of have sinking feeling in stomach before, during or after deploy to production.
Behind every of great devops is great 100 line bash script.
In startup we are only hire Windows devops if they prove they can able format C drive under 50 second.
Devops remember nobody got fire for buy Open Source software.
In startup we are only hire devops which have never hear of Twitter and irc.
80% of devops need of exercise more, are out of breath after one deploy.
If you not direct all user from regular site to mobile site you are do it wrong.
In devops 1% know they are know, 9% know they are not know, 20% not know they are know and 70% not know they are not know.
In devops is always get worse before is get worse.
If you are still fascinate by NoSQL in 2012 you must of be brogrammer.
If is take you less of 10 year to master something you are do it wrong.
Is time for abandon startup when CEO is start of learn Clojure.
In security startup we are heavy use of RoR as honeypot.
I write all infrastrucure diagram on paper because everything is look good on paper.
Internet would be safer place if brogrammer use strncpy.
Once you are try Big Data you can not able go back.
I have good gene. Father was ALGOL hipster in 1958.
Is ridicule when company have wall between dev and ops. In startup we are use NDA instead.
In devops equivalent of wet dream is run benchmark of web server with not network traffic on localhost.
For junior devops I recommend of start with Low Availability first.
In devops we are always get shit done. Only problem is most of it is shit.
For avoid Azure cloud outage scenario in startup we are only hire devops born on 29 of february http://t.co/6PN90EQb
In devops many time we not see tree for root.
In cloud you need of launch 100 instance/day and terminate 99 instance/day just for stay in game.
In devops we are communicate with coworker only by JIRA ticket.
If you have Big Data process is involve grep, you are do it wrong.
I am never feed server again once I deploy.
Your company is not do as well as you are think unless @dhh is say so.
Many devops are seduce and abandon by cloud but nobody is regret it.
Best bug report are passive-aggressive.
Every piece of software is not finish evolve until is become dinosaur.
I am tune out at word 'vendor'.
In startup we are look for CEO which not succeed but fail exact 2 other startup. Third time is charm.
In startup we are fire QA if they are ever find more of 3 critical bug per release.
Is turn out 99% of dev are NoOps and are not even know it!
For understand recursion, answer "Who is monitor your monitor server?"
In devops we are never panic as much as when we are push out of quadrant 3 http://t.co/nf8cXuo0
Rule of thumb in devops is if task is not get done in 3 month then is never get done.
In startup after too much Nagios critical alert we are always perform 5 Why. Each of time we are find interesting way of destroy pager!
Very excite of work at startup with big idea for monetize HTTP.
In startup we are spend 10 hour of every single day on automate everything.
Big Data Analytic is show best ingredient for success of pair programming is Chanel No. 5.
Is great job security for sysadmin. Server is not go configure itself!
I am only accept job offer from startup which is in business for 8 year.
VC are demand increase income for startup so we are build paywall between dev and ops.
You are not true Microsoft shop if you are not practice Powerpoint Driven Development.
In startup we have first fireable offense is dependency injection.
In startup we are measure many thing but only one is matter: tweet/hour.
In devops we are follow 80/20 rule: we are automate 80% and we are leave hard 20% manual for job security.
Devops for Valentine Day forget of chocolate kiss and give each of other gift of unit test!
Clojure is useful for programmer who are come to Java from Java.
I am ready for startup, I look for minimal viable cofounder.
I am only mark email important if I receive same of message 6 time in 2 week from 3 different person.
Thin line between annoy and despair is between 2 and 5 nagios alert of night.
I am only lose hope when developer is tell me "I get it done soon".
Devops make of sure you not call TDD practitioner "coder'! Proper term is "failing test fixer".
You are not true Agile if you know what you are talk about more of 55% of time.
I not find problem yet which can not able be solve by press release.
Cloud is when virtual machine is operate on virtual data.
I never meet developer which not write bug-free code.
Before every of bug is always shrug.
If you are expert of BASIC or Clojure is make little of difference to hot womans.
JavaScript is only interest me because is about Java and scripting.
Single Sign-On is always come in three.
Friend hipster is tell me Java is new Scala.
In startup we have NoOps. All sysadmin request are go direct to CEO.
Cloud expert are only 1% of devops ! Rest of 99% are actual know how use rsync.
On top 10 list of way for startup to fail is technology choice #11.
You not really know what data lockin is until you are hire professional Oracle DBA.
Infinite scalability is always give you 50% less than what you are expect.
Optimist is devops who is ignore first 2 Nagios alert.
If RabbitMQ is answer, you are ask wrong question.
In lean startup is CEO need of be specialist in Photoshop and Cloud.
Is seem easy but we are know devops life is NP-Hard.
Walk before run. C before C++ before Java before Scala.
Agile devops can not able afford have bug in code. Is why we test own code and not need QA.
In devops we are spend 1 hour on Twitter for each of 1 sec of make test suite faster.
If you are ever need of ask for permission you are not true devops.
Decent devops are borrow code. Good devops are steal code. Best devops are never use own code.
Reason few devops are progress to CTO is they are too of technical for own good.
Node summit participant please considering attend event next week DoucheCamp in Almaty Kazakhstan!
Law of Devops #3: success is 80% perception, 15% luck and 5% transpiration.
Law of Devops #2: in 90% of case, scalability is not mean what you are think is mean.
Law of Devops #1: if is too easy now, is always come back bite you later.
Is not in production until is fail hard in 2 different way.
Nothing is give false sense of security like great success of load test in stage.
First step of deal with database issue is apply KISSD principle.
Source of Amazon is tell me they soon have next big announce of Elastic Kanban.
Not 2 devops are alike. Is why each is reinvent wheel.
Devops remember cloud is only means to end. End is cloud vendor get rich.
Best analogy I find so far for explain concept of ScrumMaster to new devops is Tooth Fairy.
If you have impression StopSOPA was of difficulty, try StopTDD!
Is not true agile if is not teach by expensive consultant.
Is not metaprogramming if you are still understand it after 2 week.
Most devops are not realize but every of 1 hour spend by code is 1 hour less spend on HN.
I full support decision of Jerry Yang for go dark against SOPA!
Personal record is 8 LOC with not syntax error or spell mistake.
If you are not use cloud yet you are miss out on push limit of human stupidity.
In devops you can not able fake it unless you are at CTO or above.
In startup we have rule only do business with vendor which is reply to email in less of 30 minute.
Sufficient advance devops is indistinguish from lazy fucker.
Be automate and wrong or be manual and right?
All success project have ratio of 4 NO to 1 YES.
Cloud is past infancy but most cloud expert are stuck there.
In startup we are automate everything long ago but nobody is remember why.
You have devops is suffer of apathy? Get his ass on pager.
Big Data Analytic is show every 36 hour is one technology jump shark.
2011 Community of Year award is go to CouchDB.
In devops record of wiki still usable is 43 day.
In startup we are play hard but then we are also play hard.
All OS are evolve until they are support dtrace.
Vera of QA is tell me she start date devops but is not look good long-term because he have git commitment issue.
In startup we manage of hire node.js ninja. Primary responsibility is follow up on comment on Hacker News.
Every technology is evolve until is become acronym.
In startup we have conclusion of best way for prioritize backlog is Twitter sentiment analysis.
I have resolution for year 2012 for learn how to learn write code. #codeyear
In startup we are not hire devops which never lost data by stupid of mistake.
Highest quality of software is one which is never ship.
I take half bake shell script from yesterday over fully cook README file from last year.
Have title of devops is not bring more of money but is help of get laid.
I have resolution for 2012 of learn new language every of month for never use in production.
I have resolution for 2012 of not learn javascript.
All devops are have hidden superpower. Is why I not believe in CAP theorem.
90% of Windows devops are suffer of root envy.
99% of problem in devops can able be solve with just of Turbo C.
In devops profession you can able be old but still hotshot.
Devops prediction for year 2012: Cloud, NoSQL and Big Data are final get press they are deserve.
I am almost finish with book 'Making sure server comes up after reboot for Dummies'.
@jaredfolkins too many of character for type. Try of 'top'.
Was very busy with Amazon Elastic Rolling Reboot.
Word of encourage to node.js programmer: not pay attention to negative comment! In beginning people were think PHP was shit technology too!
Secret of success is hire people which are more smartass than you.
I just find out in Chinese calendar is 2012 Year of Troll.
We have new startup is name Shitly. Mission is we are show you how we are use shit technology so you can able avoid it.
80% of issue in devops today is because people have not study Knuth of properly.
Next big project I have for year 2012 is rewrite Apache httpd in node.js.
If run command over ssh in for loop of 100 machine is wrong, I not want of be right.
I am only visit site which are look good in VT100.
In devops we are call bash script of more of 50 line of code "slippery slope".
Big Data is in eye of beholder.
Big Data Analytic is show 60% of email is spam and 20% can ignore. Other 20% is Nagios alert.
Hipster devops are never use Python because is lack blocks.
Mens devops: best gift for your woman devops is tell her you are love her as much as your favorite editor!
Womans devops: best gift for your man devops is tell him GitHub would not be same without him!
When devops are fall in love, they are promise each other C and A with no P.
When have doubt, delegate.
5 essential tool you are need in devops: Perl.
Very disappoint in new  generation of devops. 90% of letter to Santa are contain malform XML!
Dummies are people which are think they are smarter as people which are read 'For Dummies' book.
Devops remember if get fortune cookie, add 'in cloud' when read.
Guess company which is get buy in 2012 by one of other company in this list: Oracle, eBay, Google, Salesforce.
2012 is year of private cloud, Linux desktop and establish which of emacs and vi is better.
When recruiter is call I tell follow me on Twitter then DM me. Is never fail.
Source of MySQL is tell me they are rebrand in 2012 as Oracle Me.
You can able tell junior devops by they are excite database is fit in RAM.
In devops if shit is worth of doing, shit is hard.
Is not about backup, is about restore.
You can able tell senior devops by they are go batshit crazy at least of once per day.
If you want of do Big Data and you not know good math all you can able achieve is Medium Data.
Source of Google is tell me most searched phrase is start with 'fucking Google changed my ...'.
Source of HP is tell me you are need of install printer driver before you can able use HP Cloud API.
Hell is other people which are need help with Outlook.
You can not able experience true meaning of production bug until you are achieve 100% test coverage.
If all you are have is hammer, everything is look like shell script.
If you are not remove 2 LOC for every of 1 LOC you are write then you are do it wrong.
@hotwoofy @l0st3d @thegreatgonzo my great achieve is fry egg on overheat Extreme Networks switch.
Small Data in, Garbage out.
In startup friday is retro day. Dev are allow compile and link code and QA are do manual testing. Ops can able install Gentoo (VM only).
They are come to me junior devops and they are leave Perl one-liner guru with neckbeard.
When want get good shit done check of code smell first.
Is very easy have great success in devops. 1) Get shit done. 2) Make of sure shit work.
When junior devops are come to me with problem I am tell them go learn tcpdump and come back in 1 year.
I am prefer honest No from datacenter server than Maybe from cloud VM.
In startup we are have Small Data but of at least we are have Big Pipe.
Source of Facebook is tell me they are close of release TurboPHP.
If you are practice Continuous Deployment but never do Frantic Deployment, you are not experience enough.
I hate of burst bubble of Rails programmer and MongoDB devops, but Santa is not exist.
Is time for Douchebag Of Year award for devops but is impossible of choose, too much candidates.
Is no loneliness bigger of talk on IM with guy next of you at work.
In startup we are graph so much of shit we can not able tell good shit from bad shit.
Some time is hard of find exact person culprit of bug but is usually member of QA team.
When is come to performance in job, 95% of devops are think they are in 95th percentile.
I have dream last night I manage of disprove CAP theorem. Is involve bash script of 1000 line and lot of duct tape.
Financial of company is inverse proportion of number of newsletter it send.
Big Data Analytic is show 90% of startup are fail because they have solution but no problem.
Is call middleware because you can not able make head or tail of it.
In devops we are never do today what we can able blame on cloud issue tomorrow.
You are either have eventual consistency delay today or eventual web site tomorrow.
In devops M is for Maven and Masochist.
Good sign you are write too much code is you are create new programming language by mistake every day.
In startup we have infrastructure as code but  nobody is able debug it.
In chinese is crisis=danger+opportunity. In devops crisis=site down+boss is know of it.
Never believe of devops when they are talk of eternal love. Eternity for devops is 5 year at same company.
Nobody is of guilty if they are get sick! Is why I am never blame serial startup founder.
I read documentation for new REST API and I am confuse. Is only say 'GET SOME'.
If you are male devops you are of the 99%.
Many of devops are now launch cloud instance beyond their means.
Devops if you are feel project is not go anywhere, try of start from scratch but this time with UML.
Source of Microsoft is tell me in next version of Visual Studio you can able press F12 for shut down entire Azure cloud at once.
Thought leader is same as regular devops but can able talk good BS.
Junior devops can able be passive-aggressive but senior devops are of always aggressive-aggressive.
For get job in ours startup is not enough sufficient of be rockstar. We are only hire Lady Gaga devops.
I get shitface with 2 others devops last night and we manage of establish which is better of Chef and Puppet. Can not able remember.
If your application is use HTTP and your company is not in cloudscape you need of protest! http://t.co/1od3Ajfa
You are good manager only if you are find Internet Samurai in every of devops you manage.
Devops remember, nobody is say on deathbed they wish they set up more VPN tunnel!
I start of use ql.io only when is become NoSQL-compliant.
In startup we are only hire junior devops if they are at least 5 trick pony.
If pager is beep at night but nobody is hear, is site still down?
CouchDB is Ingres of NoSQL.
Devops not forget! Tomorrow you can able read official position of ours startup on Erlang, Haskell, Clojure and Go!
I go to devops bar last night and manage of score some tail recursion!
Main difference of sysadmin and devops is as sysadmin you are have less chance of get laid.
I run Big Data Analytic on result of Myers-Briggs test for devops. Most common type is Insensitive Jerk.
Source of Canonical is tell me they project 2012 is year of Ubuntu is become dominant OS on Compaq desktop.
Source of Google is tell me they are donate Google Plus to Apache Foundation.
You can able tell junior devops by they are not protect themselve when they are fuck with database.
Last night I have nightmare I was BDFL of Apache Flex SDK.
No, Siri! I say 'we have database is shit' not 'have database shut down'!
Is matter very little which of JVM language you are use if visitor can only able see on your site "Error when connect to database".
Is good of see Yammer team expose truth of Scala is not Turing complete!
Tell me how many of ls option you are know and I tell you if you are wear sock with sandal.
I manage of automate everything! Now I am so bored I am volunteer time as desktop support.
I am still have PTSD 20 year after type rm -rf * .o
Study is show private cloud is most of dangerous for data lock-in. After 2 month nobody is remember how get data back.
If cloud standard committee and security policy have lovechild, it would be name ROT13.
Junior devops are always ask me which new technology they need learn. I am always tell them learn of keep disk space available for user.
You can able tell senior devops by they can able shoot themselve in foot in any of programming language.
I have never see shit hit fan at data center but I have see shit hit air conditioning unit.
Attention devops: "learn NoSQL" is not same as "learn no SQL"!
Single point of failure in private cloud is of usually Unix guy with neckbeard.
Difference of junior and senior devops is junior devops are imagine they can able master Unicode.
I am almost finish with PhD in timezone math!
In devops if you carry pager every day is Cyber Monday.
In startup for Agile practice we are automate brainstorming with Mechanical Turk.
In startup we are work on product for Big Metadata.
Only best manual tester can able watch grass grow.
I can already able tell 2012 is year of Borland Turbo Cloud.
Before start program in Javascript try count to 10. Most time urge is pass.
Lately I suffer of web performance anxiety and kernel panic attack.
In startup we have Siri #1 write code. She is also tell Siri #2 of write automate test. Future is now.
In devops you either are contribute to tool or you are tool.
Only thing of compare with write first working Perl script is lose virginity.
@michaelneale is theory behind Google Wave and Google Plus.
Rule of thumb is less user you have, is faster site with less issue. Aim for 0 user and you are get infinite speed with 0 bug.
In devops nothing is more pain as when choose between C and A. Is why we pretend P never happen.
In startup we are Thanksgiving for opportunity of learn new skill for use in next startup when first is fail.
In Kazakhstan we are pepperspray router only if it drop packet.
Responsible green devops are always ask of themselves "Is this really good for Internet" before do git push.
Unix devops can able unleash power of bash. Windows devops can only able unleash power of .bat.
10 thing you not know of devops: 1) if we are yell at you is because we are care; 2) we are always count in binary
If want something done in 10 minute, send to devops email. If want no reply for 10 day, send to sales email.
You are true devops if you have wet dream of achieve 100% code coverage.
You can able tell expert of software architecture by they are never involve in deploy to production.
Number of project you are contribute in GitHub is inverse proportional to number of conference you are attend in year.
In devops we not use expression 'shoot yourself in foot'. We use expression 'use NFS in cloud'.
@luisdans all fan emails should send to devopsborat at yahoo. Hurry it not be yahoo around for much.
Is all fun and game until it segfault.
In startup for each of bug we have BDFL.
I am not use tool which not end in sh, rl, cs or ng.
In devops is nothing as risky as a no-brainer.
Welcome to new public cloud! Come for infinite elastic, stay for data lock in.
Is good saying 'if you are want thing done, give to person most busy'. Is why in startup we give all new project to janitor.
You can able tell junior devops by they are finish task 3 to 6 month after deadline. Senior devops are never finish.
Is not in production until you are receive critical alert of it.
Devops please take moment of consider somewhere somebody is now troubleshoot NIS+ issue on Solaris.
I convince famous Kazakhstan film director of buy right to Stevens TCP/IP Illustrated!
In devops ego is direct proportion to number of programming language we know. Salary is inverse proportion.
In devops we have Mile High Club of deploy to production from plane.
You are good devops only if you are spend quantity time with your infrastructure.
Cloud instance is need only for few day but subtle bug in Puppet manifest is live forever.
Myth of devops #4: of course we can able scale, we are use cloud!
If you ever express opinion and are not use word 'always' or 'never' you are do it wrong.
Myth of devops #3: great success of deploy to production on Friday.
Myth of devops #2: tester catch up with developer in same iteration.
Myth of devops #1: plan new feature and release in same month.
Junior devops are make bad judgment but very fast. Senior devops are make good judgment but too slow.
I am try of teach junior devops how to proper manual testing but they are only go through motions.
Best distributed key/value data store is DNS.
In startup we are hire devops only if they can able of solve in interview problem we had for last 3 year.
We have 3 strike rule for devops: 1 strike we are take away Perl. 2 strike we are take away bash. 3 strike we are give PowerShell.
Many devops are dick but few are hard.
ETL is other word for when you are use lot of sed and awk in your script.
When benchmark new database technology, make sure not only use own laptop. Be much thorough and also use desktop.
Cloud definition: art of fail at scale.
R is bc for hipster.
Oh to be of young devops again and to get of excite by boot in single user mode...
I am never use product with version end in odd number.
Is better NoSQL than misunderestimated SQL.
In startup we are hire devops only if they can able show contribution to 25 project on GitHub and are not possess resume.
You can only able do Agile if you have good Scum Master.
Hipster devops can not able use Hadoop unless is rewrite in Scala.
Other main difference of cloud and Internet is half of Internet is have sad face of Wikipedia founder look at you.
Protip for Junior Devops: Ethernet is not same as Internet. Cloud is need both.
Is easy get confuse of cloud and Internet. Main difference is Internet never go down.
Big news! I quit startup! I am tire of do same old shit. I join new startup and am do much new cool shit!
In startup we have Senior Data Analyst use Hadoop as Viagra so he can able finally fuck with his data.
Big advantage of BigQuery after you give all of your data to Google is you are able query it and see ads base on result.
Is no such thing as Big Data. Is only data you not sampled sufficient yet so it fit in RAM and it process with SQLite.
Friend from Google is tell me they have best food in Googleplex but they not allowed make recipes public.
Karl Marx was much right: Hacker News is opium of devops.
Is all make sense now: source of Canonical is tell me maintainer of AppArmor and designer of Unity are one and same person!
Is possible for devops of walk on hot coal if put mind to it. Is not possible for devops of get app work with SELinux.
Cloud expert try of launch new cloud instance is same as U S and A football announcer try of score touchdown.
For minimum viable product we are recommend of start with Hello world. #leanstartup
When I am depress I start think it can able be worse: some devops are manage Exchange server somewhere.
I can not able present of Big Data in front of audience because I get too much of Big Erection
An question: Mark Shuttleworth invent Ubuntu before or after he walk on Moon?
In enterprise you are bitch of hardware vendor. In startup you are bitch of cloud provider API.
Is better dev who pretend are ops or ops who pretend are dev? Only way of find out is put all on pager.
@Erstejahre you have twitter handle symbolize number of year you are manage to stay in same devops job yes?
Uptime is overrate. #leanstartup
In Lean Startup we are never waste time with documentation. But you are welcome of buy sign copy of our book!
In Lean Startup if you are write more code than janitor you are do it wrong.
@GeorgeReese we are use that too for cloud expert.
For rank superstar in startup we are use metric: for dev line of code write/hr, for ops line of log inspect/hr, for QA bug find/hr.
With enough eyeball all code is shallow.
When you are read code you write 6 month ago, is 95% inconceivable.
In startup we have 3 position open of devops. Please not bother of apply if you are work for live and not live for work.
In devops you can able be total asshole as long as you are produce beautiful graphs.
Big data analytics is show devops which can not able stand word fuck in presentation are prefer SQL Server.
Is me or is urine smell as bad like Cisco router after night spend at data center?
In Scrum is chicken and is pig. In Lean is douche and is bag.
In devops third time is usually charm. But first 2 time are epic fail.
You are get shit done? Yes: continue. No: continue of read and reply to tweet.
Sign you are young and still learn in devops is you are not afraid of use -r in rm command.
Junior devops have goal of inbox zero. Senior devops have goal of Nagios alert zero. #velocityconf
Rackspace are look for guinea pig customer for install private cloud on OpenStack! They not roll out in own cloud yet, is too buggy.
Juniper is Chaos Monkey for ISP.
I watch Devops Tales From The Crypt first episode. Is very scary, contain graphic image of debug Apache rewrite rule.
I can never able setup site to site VPN unless I am resort to Jedi mindtrick.
Cloud expert is #1 least stress job of devops. Is only involve tweet.
#2 most stress job of devops is Google SRE. #1 is Database Migrator.
Hardest thing in write 'iptables for Dummies' book is call remote hand for reboot machine each of time I run sample script.
Infrastructure is only need love from devops. Devops are only need respect from infrastructure.
Source of Google is tell me they are switch teams around for development of career. Is why Gmail interface is done by Big Table team.
I am close of release pine and elm theme for Gmail.
If you can not able ship it, next best thing is act as if you have ship it.
@mgualtieri y u ruin joke? Is more easy of scale up if unlimited $. Is hard scale back down in smart of way. Think elastic.
@mgualtieri is simple: scale up ==&gt; $++; scale down ==&gt; --$. Constant is need of be performance.
@vambenepe we can able get it up but only with NoSQL.
Junior devops are in charge of scale up. Senior devops are in charge of scale down.
"DevOps in the Cloud" is pleonasm.
Best program I write in devops career is Perl script which is ask 5 personal question and spit out IT budget for next year.
I can able stand of watch first half only of video 'Two devops and a Cisco PIX'.
Never do today what small shell script can able do tomorrow.
In devops time warp is when full backup is take more of 24 hours.
If you have startup name not end in ly you are do it wrong.
Tomorrow we migrate off cloud if weather permit.
@westcoastbill are you SPOF?
I am work on dating site for single points of failure.
If any of unit test you have is not fit in single tweet, you are do it wrong.
Many vendor are offer Hadoop this days. I personal prefer buy from Apache.
For bathroom humor in devops I am recommend read random PHP script.
I write book 'Kama Sutra for devops'. Is show graphic all possible intercourse of firewall with load balancer.
I am of happy Halloween is pass. It was hard distinguish costume douchebag from real douchebag.
@michaelbolton @marick I am there too when agile manifesto is write. Simple explanation: by tools we are mean devops which are tools.
True devops never XML, FTP, ORM or RPC.
@GeorgeReese @garnaat @ShlomoSwidler is OK to leave me off list. Similar of enStratus, I not care of consumer, only enterprise.
Devops remember Y Combinator Halloween party tonight! Theme is "90% of startup are fail but 100% of devops in startup are have no life"!
Is true that everybody in Palo Alto is dress up as VC today?
@GeorgeReese is OK, I do all of work open source. Call when enStratus is of up on GitHub.
Devops remember, Big Data is just Small Data which you let sit for 2 year!
I am very close of release Tcl++.
Devops at Facebook is tell me Google Plus is threaten his job. User abandon G+ for Facebook are almost too much for handle!
@dhh is true. In Almaty Kazakhstan we are hire talent of local exclusive and we manage of build 38signal!
In Kazakhstan we are laugh at short sight of Silicon Valley. We build company for last at least 200 year. Is why we use COBOL on AS/400.
In devops is never good time of lose SEO virginity.
Number one mistake of devops in job interview is speak in JSON.
Rule of thumb: technology or product name which is start with Open is fail.
@randybias is good post but too much words. Would be sufficient of say "No."
For Halloween I am dress as LDAP server. I not like talk to anybody.
I have bad english but maybe native speaker can tell if brogrammer and douchebag is same?
@swardley in Kazakhstan "is come" is mean "have orgasm" which not happen to OpenStack devops so far.
@swardley openstack cloud is come online only in press release so far.
New junior devops has doing chaos monkey on 3 Cisco switch in server room today. He is on probation 2 week on Windows Vista.
If you want have your devops get best orgasm make of sure you MapReduce log data then visualize in Graphite.
Devops in Europe must of be proud of show most expensive haircut ever.
In devops is not of what you know, is of who is follow you on Twitter.
Practical experience with NoSQL is prompt you to do it or avoid it. No practical experience is prompt you to present of it at conference.
In devops we are always use Chef or Puppet. Is why we are the 1%.
Goal of devops is do less with more.
I want quit Google+ but Siri has just add me to her circle of intelligent robot.
I have witness PostgreSQL hit many of home run. But is just because is MySQL on steroid.
In startup we are hire only rockstar, ninja or samurai. Vague familiar with computer is big plus.
I never understand expression 'waiting for other shoe to drop' until I roll out application on PaaS.
Devops Dozen is when you are take 13 day for accomplish thing which can easy able do in 12 hour.
In startup we are need of fire all unpaid intern. Too much consumption of snack is affect financial.
If you are feel good after write script which interact with database, it mean you have less of 5 year experience in devops.
In devops threesome is when you are use Perl, Python and Ruby on same project.
Top 3 useless thing in devops are Scrum Master certification, security policy document and Python 3.
Manager remember! Tell Windows sysadmin not apply latest patch is same as tell lemming stay away of cliff!
True devops can able teach CS 101 by use simple abacus.
In devops we have 40/30/20/10 Rule. 40% time spend at conference, 30% create todo list, 20% prioritize list, 10% respond to Nagios alert.
I work on book of 'Not cc all company in email by mistake for dummies'.
Easy thing of Lisp is start with parenthese. Hard thing of Lisp is where of put last parenthese.
Lisp is first programming language I have learn. Then I discover Visual Basic and never look back.
If you are not devops you need of choose easy remember password. If you are devops you need of choose easy remember ssh keypair.
Give junior devops Perl Camel book and they are never need another language. They are also never learn proper programming.
In devops 'sow wild oats' is when you roll own crypto.
In devops is small difference of bulls eye and bulls shit. Is measured in press releases.
Maybe is not work because you are use wrong Unicorn encoding?
Is very easy of get to 80% webscale. Is the next 5 year that is hard.
Devops if you can not able get right woman, try of use better regex!
In junior devops we have &#39;monkey see, monkey bring down cloud&#39;.
@kamals NoShit!
1 TB of Big Data is much more than 1024 GB of small data.
In devops is important always have beginner mind. Is why we are use homegrown bash script for everything.
In startup we are use NoSQL and NoTest.
I am only reach for Perl if I can not able do it with Apache config directive.
@blakegentry genkuie. Oversight.
@lusis awesome stuff, thanks for posting.
RT @lusis: New blog post: "Deploy ALL the things" - http://t.co/YSweE4VP
Siri is tell me all hipster are douchebag but not all douchebag are hipster.
Source of Google is also tell me Android Pumpkin Pie is have enough AI for create Android Rhubarb Crumble!
Source of Google is tell me Android Marshmallow is have emotional intelligence of average Google engineer!
@RonJeffries not of worry, you are mine BFF!
In Kazakhstan we say &quot;Give me of liberty or give me of Java&quot;!
In lean startup we refactor ruthless by put code on autoshuffle.
Big Data analyst is pole dancer of devops.
In startup we have janitor wear CTO hat this week. He is order no bug in code for next 6 day.
I not trust any technology if nobody is tweet about it.
People are ask me: what is devops? Is scripting and shit.
In lean startup we have sub-second standup meeting due of automation. #lkce11
For Halloween I am @nathanmarz killer of CAP theorem.
Devops remember stop sometime for count your blessing! Unless you are Windows admin.
SSD is new SAN.
Before accept full responsible always try of blame RAID controller.
Native devops have 23 different word for deployment.
Is easy of have Siri do any thing you want: just use sudo.
Devops remember sign up for next semester online class offer by Stanford on &quot;Programming, Motherfucker&quot;!
I write article on &quot;Anatomy of devops cultural interactions&quot;. Only 2 words: Big Dicks.
Behind every Big Data problem is Small Data fuckup.
#FF @ShitMySiriDeploys
I get of it now! My iPhone 4s is come with Siri Enterprise Edition!
Piwik, Siri, I say Piwik and not Omniture SiteCatalyst!
Fuckings! I tell Siri deploy Hadoop cluster and she order Oracle Big Data Appliance!
For job security in devops make of sure you advocate Continuous Delivery and implement by manual procedure of 45 step!
@hwstrbk I have took lesson.
@NicolasGeraud @riduidel it seem of be case of "je t'aime, toi non plus"
You know you have good devops infrastructure if is take outage of 1 data center and 2 EC2 region for shit to get real.
I start believe in AI when it can able rack server at 1 in morning.
In devops you are right only 25% of time. For rest you prefer of be wrong or clueless?
In startup we follow Yegge advice of have public API for all internal object. Is for user to mashup our application.
Euphemism for junior devops is &quot;Windows power user&quot;.
In startup we eat own dog food. Best is Purina.
K&amp;R C is Harley Davidson of devops.
If you are think of use Hadoop on Windows it mean you have not master full power of MS Access yet.
Devops remember first step in launch startup is have perfect elevator bitch for VC!
Is best not of disturb MySQL while is take dump.
@KarlNicoll @MarcEasen always for you is your own project. Is what is keep us for going.
Source of Google is tell me most critical piece of their infrastructure are Python 2.3 and duct tape.
In devops is not uncommon of see death by a thousand pages of Wiki.
Devops law of Open Source: 10% of project have docs. Of them 10% have good docs. Of them 10% are useful. Of them 10% are used.
Devops trick question of today is fill in blank: Perl 6, Python 3, PHP 6, ___?
Due of lack of enthusiasm from user Google is launch Dart++ tomorrow.
Many devops not know what threshold of pain they have because they never try pair programming.
In lean startup if you have uptime of &gt; 75% you are do it wrong, is sign you pay too much of money for devops.
If you want take server temperature for send to Graphite I recommend rectal method.
In devops you are addict to graph if first thought after orgasm is send duration and intensity to Graphite.
In devops language is not success unless is another language++.
First sign of depression in devops is denial: you start of ignore Nagios alert.
I am work on CSS SQL.
I remember very clear I cry when I finish volume 3 of Knuth.
@meangrape you are true. Is exact how I have bookshelf! I also find many error in Knuth, he owe me.
You are not true devops hipster if you not read Edward Tufte book yet.
I look forward of OpenStackWorld conference of next year! May best press release presenter win!
Banner in deepest circle of devops hell is supposed of say UNICODE but nobody know what encoding is use.
Before go to bed I like go online read diary of day of Vladimir Ilych Stallman.
Devops hurry for not miss Groupon deal today of offer 2 Oracle Exadata machine for price of 1!
In startup we hire devops only if they are prove mastery over 12 of existing 75 cloud APIs.
@KentBeck you are forget ADD Driven Development. #ADDDD
Source of Google is tell me Google Cloud SQL is offer all functionality of MySQL but in actual is run PostgreSQL for better reliable.
@GeorgeReese in Russia you are always know as George Tsar of Terrible API!
Big data analytic is show inverse correlation of time spend try be funny on twitter and time spend sexytime.
I never use of any module in any language if it not exist implementation first on CPAN.
In Big Data Analytic we have 80/20 rule of Hadoop only able help you 80% of way. For rest of 20% you still need of use Tarot card.
Was only one DesignProductUxDevOpsQaMarketingSales. Is no more.
When devops go to hell worst punishment is be OpenBSD committer.
Special place in LDAP hell is reserve for Active Directory admins.
Azamat have phone sex with Siri last night!
If you are use math to prove point in devops you are do it wrong because devops is all about culture.
For keep inbox zero I recommend method of automatic delete all message which not have PGP signature.
Larry is just cancel my #oow11 keynote tomorrow! I was going reveal fact of each Oracle SQL query is cost you on average $0.001.
Most popular IT brand in Kazakhstan: Compaq for desktop and DEC for server. For cloud we still like NetWare.
Study of EngineYard is show by use PaaS you can able cut devops by 2/3. They recommend spare the hand but you may able cut other part.
Is true EngineYard is DOA?
In devops equivalent of participate in swimsuit model competition is publish API for your product.
Is absolute not true of node.js is cancer! Is more of silent but deadly fart of junior devops.
Devops remember best language for get you laid is Smalltalk!
In startup we are rely on manual testing and automated code review.
@mattokeefe can not able to. But I keep eye on it.
Tip for junior devops: never date person who not have at least rudimentary awk skill!
Also source of Oracle is tell me tomorrow they launch appliance which can able give you best Batch Job ever! #oow11
Oracle Big Data Appliance is where all of your Hadoop+NoSQL+BigData dreams are go to die. #oow11
1 million dollar can able buy you: 1) many year of Amazon cloud usage; 2) ride in Larry MIG; 3) 1 box of Oracle Exadata+6 month support
Devops attention not play with your Jenkins of too much, is dangerous may able cause blindness.
Junior devops are always start of high hope but after few years are realize is all 1s and 0s.
For getting to negative inbox I always send 2 message for each of 1 message I receive.
@lizrice GREAT SUCCESS! I LIKE !
In devops we do things right approximate 70% of time. Other 30% we are force of use Windows.
In devops is not what you know but what you remember when wake up of pager at 2 in morning.
Know how run success with script in cron is what separate man of boy in devops.
In startup we are offer '404 As A Service'. You outsource 404 page to us we make it interesting to user + Google Ads. We take 40% cut.
@roidrage I only donate if you start do street performance of @nosqlhandbook.
I write book on "Becoming Better Programmer". Is all of reinvent wheel on first 390 page then use wheel of somebody else on last 10 page.
@mikebrittain nyet.
Agile today is Waterfall of Lean.
In startup we not use any language with for loop in it. Our shit is just work. #surgecon
First sign your career in devops is downhill: you are call 'thought leader'. If you call yourself thought leader you never belong devops.
If you refuse of use Apple product you are automatic hipster.
@wattersjames @EamonLeonard I can make bunch of CF oundry joke but I refrain.
@Cynicalgrinch I may of be dumb but I am not stupid of write that page.
@wattersjames I not want of steal bread from table of @hipsterhacker.
Hipster Web developers put Under Construction banner on Web site every Friday sarcastically.
Law of Big G in Devops: all best Open Source technology is already invented at Google 3 year ago but they can not able allowed talk of it.
@stilkov @steveloughran you would think as so but you would be of surprised.
First step in design your own distributed system: Don't.
@vambenepe you are very smart alter ego of myself.
One of last unsolve problem in Computer Science is decent wifi network at conference.
Objective-C is C++ for hipster.
In devops we measure experience by count how many wall you take down of banging head against them. We only hire if you have 10+.
@GeorgeReese we use term 'cloud robot' which in actuality is mean cloud worker.
Some devops are use source control and configuration management tool. In startup we rely exclusive on neckbeard and Stolichnaya.
I quit Internet when Comrade Vladimir Ilyich Putin is add me to circle on Google+.
@JackieKazil @maksim2042 I like Skoda!
I only start of use Heroku when they start support Perl and Mason.
Source of Amazon is tell me Silk browser is base on Lynx so it can able work with any of web site under construction.
@KrisBuytaert every body over 45 year of age is welcome. If know Programmer Work Bench C++ preferably.
Devops remember Small Data Hackatoning in Alamaty this week end! We are go in depth on Clipper and dBase III. May be some dBase IV if time.
I see interesting Kindle Fire advertisement on wall in Almaty Kazakhstan: "iPad. The Prequel'.
In Kazakhstan devops we apply old Soviet saying of 'we are pretend of we work and they are pretend of they pay us'.
@adrianco in Kazakhstan I make 400 Euro per month. Is all cash so I not pay tax. Is hard job of devops but is why I make big Euros.
@JackieKazil @leetrout COBOL is Czechoslovakia of programming languages.
CentOS is fax of Operating Systems.
@jamesurquhart @derekcollison @Lounibos Opex and Capex not matter very much if you are pay in Euro.
In startup we try many automated testing method and in final we settle on PostIt notes.
In devops in usual 3rd time is charm. But if you still can not able do it, then delegate!
Friend of U S and A is ask why I not use iPhone. In devops we have saying &quot;Is no i in team&quot;!
@dtsomp bcfg2
Friend devops from Greece is tell me crisis has start at same time of Oracle license for government due of renew!
Source of Oracle is tell me latest version of PostgreSQL can be able download from mysql.com.
Source of Amazon is tell me new tablet is exact hardware which is run m1.small in EC2!
Devops enjoy present while you can able! Visitor from future is tell me is all Javascript starting in 2031.
In Kazakhstan devops we try same experiment of monkey type Shakespeare http://t.co/mRSb8J9e . After 2 month we obtain LISP.
@wattersjames you are mistake. Microsoft is new VMWare with VirtualPC product.
@IneptCIO I am impress of you too! Which scalable database are you produce?
Source of Microsoft is tell me they are aim for Bing of be Windows Vista of search engines.
@wattersjames all Soviet devops are idempotent. Is why they are work twice as hard and are pay half as in U S and A.
@wattersjames @chanezon is because in U S and A you not have good devops leader. In Kazakhstan and Russia we have Comrade Putin.
I have friend which do manual work of woodwork for relax. I prefer compile bad support driver in Linux kernel.
Devops oxymoron #16: Oracle OpenWorld.
Cfengineconf in Almaty Kazakhstan was great success of much better number as last year! We have 5 attendance, 1 present and still 0 video.
If want code remain secret is overkill of use encryption. In devops we are just use Perl.
Scratch surface of any CTO and you find junior devops + Peter Principle.
Groupon is offer me deal of day: if I accept COO position they are make me CTO too!
Devops at CERN is tell me they are invalidate neutrino experiment. They forgot apply latest patch to Windows box which control instrument.
For male devops I have simple rule of code review. Only accept of code which is so beautiful it give you erection.
@davux @LyalinDotCom my guess question is what is better BSD distribution: FreeBSD or OpenBSD. Is not matter as long as install over Vista.
@LyalinDotCom for any question email devopsborat at yahoo soon to be AOL.
In Agile is all about fail quick. If you have success in company you do Agile wrong.
Secret of become great HP CEO is 20/80 rule of achieve less with more.
Third and last thing I do as CEO of HP is sell company to Oracle for ride in Larry MIG jet. Is #2 of my devops bucket list.
Second thing I do as CEO of HP is buy OpenStack for 1 billion dollar and rename to MyOpenStack.
First thing I do as CEO of HP is have strong offering of 'Printing as a Service'. Print to cloud and we bring to you paper on motorcycle.
What you have in devops bucket list? For mine top #1 is become CEO of HP one day.
@GeorgeReese is also #3 more important: they are work 24x7 in fix issues in cloud, no time of talk about it too.
@vambenepe we are actual legal mandate of say "Oracle Java Enterprise Edition".
In Kazakh language worst four-letter word curse is J2EE.
Junior devops: if at first you not succeed, please not try again.
For lift team spirit in startup we say every morning "No devops, no cloud! But no cloud, still devops!"
@michaelbolton not sure what you are talk about. 95% of programmer I know are above average.
@michaelbolton you forget 4th more important reason: for become programmer one day and stop be treat like shit.
How many time I need of say devops is not job but philosophy! Go read of Kant and soon you have five 9s uptime!
In startup for keep devops sharp we have contest of cause outage in Web site and bring back to normal fast. Best time so far is 26 hour.
Write good README is 50% of work on Open Source project.
I am shock of Russia is consider beer as alcohol! Average Russian devops is drink beer as energy drink like Gatorade in U S and A.
@mccrory we are not in 1990 any more! We use 33k modem today.
Worst nightmare for male devops is have flaccid deploy.
Source of Facebook is tell me that most requested feature by users is 'Fuck this' button. They may able launch at f8.
Main difference of Netflix and Qwikster is Netflix is run in cloud and Qwikster is run on your laptop.
In startup we try of keep lean and mean. Is why we have 1 ops, 3 dev and 29 manual QA.
If you are offend by number of retweet of my tweet, remember is symptom not cause of crap quality of general devops tweetstream!
When devops are experience and have neckbeard they know when of cut their losses. Is why they never are write unit tests.
In design we design REST API by crowdsource. Most popular as far is GET /dropdb which has of slight side effect but is idempotent.
Event-base programming is #2 in top of thing most reinvent in devops. #1 is wheel.
@mgualtieri is what I try at last 2 job before they fire me for have uptime of 5 ones.
In startup when we teach junior devops how to scripting in bash we start with ORM and build on top from there.
In devops life is too short for have less of 1000 unread email in Inbox.
#ff best of fake account on Twitter: @techcrunch
During visit to startup Comrade Putin is tell us he not need use sudo when he tell Comrade Medvedev "Go make me a sandwich"!
I am accept of your resignation @azamat. Nicely timing post to TechCrunch when I am on camel no wifi! You not have courage or information.
If want get hire by Google you need at least 5 year experience with Go language.
In devops is no try. Is either do or do not and blame QA.
@RickHigh Comrade Putin is patent new nanotechnology for cache. He is have Linux driver almost ready.
Comrade Putin is visit our startup! Yesterday he shoot 5 bear in 20 minute from tank and today he give talk on "zsh tips and tricks"!
In Kazakhstan at startup every of Thursday we are rush code out of the door with DHL.
For beginner Java devops I recommend documenting of code in class name. Example ThisClassImplementFactoryPatternOrMaybeVisitorIAmNewAtThis.
@sstatik in startup we try keep ratio of 1 eng / 2 eng manager / 4 proj manager. Is called Gold Rush Ratio.
I watch movie The Social Network with Russian subtitle. I like part when main character is mention Apache and subtitle say nginx!
In devops we bring A game only when production machine is down. For rest of crap we do is B- game more than enough.
I am format C drive of Windows server and install CentOS on top. Is reward or punishment?
In startup we have good business model of pay nothing for infrastructure. We are take advantage of Google AppEngine free forever!
Premature optimization is much better than no optimization.
@UStechie exception handling is not recommend in devops. Is too dangerous in untrained hand.
In devops is take 5-6 year before get confident of use for loop in bash script.
I am write chapter for 'Complete Idiot's Guide to Devops' on 'Simple homegrown algorithms for rolling your own crypto'.
While production server is less of 3 week old you need of train it to only shit itself at night when is small traffic on web site!
I am almost finish with article on "Securing sendmail in 251 easy steps".
In devops for job security we are recommend rewrite all bash script in Haskell. Also add all server to single giant RabbitMQ cluster.
Punishment for crime of terminate Windows cloud instance is launch 2 Windows cloud instance.
Greatest success of AI so far is for online chat with customer support. Are all 100% bots!
Is interesting of note that Windows 8 is not require real hardware. Is only run in cloud. #bldwin
Microsoft is push envelope again! Windows 9 will be world first 72-bit OS! #bldwin
In startup we have special room for manual deploy.
In Continuous Delivery is 80/20 rule: 80% of machine is busy of apply new code and 20% is busy of do actual work.
In devops we not write much code but when we do, we like of echo each line to append-only file.
You know Putin is also Cisco CCNA? Could not able fit picture in this article http://t.co/wqBUGB1
Source of Microsoft is tell me they are launch new marketing campaign soon for collaboration in Azure cloud. Slogan is 'Share The Pain'.
Kazakhstan study rank programming language for get you laid. Best is Javascript, Tcl and XML(?). Worst is Haskell, C++ and Emacs(?).
Happy Programmer Day to all developer! Except  .NET programmer because is not possible of have happy day when use Microsoft product.
Ask any of stud devops and they will tell in career they have 100+ one-night stand with different infrastructures.
I have high on todo list to fail online AI class of Stanford.
In devops if you not get paged over weekend, Monday is best day of week. Only 4 day until pager handoff!
Rumor is RMS is closet Linux user.
Long list of devops dirty word is start with maven.
Average length of Java one-liner is 21 line!
I am never start work day without first do 5 minute warmup of sed one-liner.
Is interesting of know that Amazon is deploy every 11.6 second to /dev/null.
In startup we are already practice automated testing and automated deployment. Next step is automated coding.
Devops good news! Free access to MS Azure cloud for life if get Azure tattoo!
Deployment is not over until fat devops sings.
Remember make sure not hit any of Top 25 software mistake http://t.co/qerT2k1! In startup we do it by rm -rf all source code periodically.
Devops remember, first step in get hot date is stop deploy to production on Friday!
Major cloud vendor just offer me position of Director of BS. I refuse.
Is good day at office when you can able make sense of Perl script you wrote 2 week ago.
Google is 800 pound gorilla in area of intelligent dialog with their users.
If Windows NT and OS X have child it would look as Ubuntu Unity.
True devops is listen to album of classic rock on vinyl during install of Debian from floppy disk.
I have long term relation with Emacs but for quickie I prefer vi.
I final got autograph from Jack of One Trade!
Is always take 2 to DevOps.
@Neovise get EC2 instance, play at it, automate shit of everything. Study of Chef vs Puppet and make choice of one.
@monkchips @MarkABaker first thing is come to mind is reboot.
To estimate project duration we apply Celsius to Fahrenheit formula. C is internal estimate and F is what we tell PM: C x 9/5+ 32 = F days.
Source of Google is tell me they are very frustrate of Google Code project hosting so are switch all internal project to GitHub Enterprise.
In startup we not use software with &lt; 95% test coverage. Is why we start roll own for everything. We finish new kernel in next month.
@georgevhulme is good way! In Kazakhstan plumber need learn Clojure just for make end meet.
Devops, if want become manager and forget every thing you ever learn, read top 50 IT blog! http://t.co/alnpjtz
I am immense proud of dev team in our startup! They write 26 thousand line of bug free code in last 5 day!
@dominicad I make percent add up to 101%.
Are you single DevOps woman? Is bad news! 88% male dev not able ops. 92% male ops not able dev. Of 20% left are 14% married and 6% gay.
@mysqldbahelp in Kazakhstan electrician know plumbing AND Ruby on Rails. Other wise it can not able survive.
DevOps: myth or fiction?
When go up cloud stack, you gain PaaS and you lose clue.
@mike_ivanov @JavaDudeMike is because cloud with no API is same as sexytime with no partner.
Are you vmwaring shit out of all physical server for build private cloud? You are do it wrong!
In 1995 you could able fit all Internet technology in brain. In 2011 you can not able fit even git in brain.
Source of AOL is tell me they are kick out Michael Arrington from TechCrunch and are replace him with Paul Graham.
Is true PHP is hereditary???
In startup we practice all of Agile best practice: standoff meeting, backburner chart and automated trolling.
I am skeptic of HP Cloud success with OpenStack. Only commit I see from HP to OpenStack code is port Compute to laser printer.
@VanessaAlvarez1 I personal never use of storage. I just use Cloud.
PostgreSQL is for people who are think MySQL is not of sufficient good. Same people also think FreeBSD is better than Linux.
I work on "Head Out Of Ass First" series for O'Reilly. First book is on scale VoltDB past 2 machine.
A.I. is for people who not have regex skill.
Perl is like Swiss army knife of devops with every of tool you need except knife.
Scala is Java for hipster.
2+2=5 only if pay in bitcoin.
In Kazakhstan we assemble Dream Team for Internet startup. We have as far Eric Schmidt + Carol Bartz. Have offer to Maritz and Chambers.
If you like sexytime unprotect with stranger, then I also recommend Continuous Deployment to production!
Django is new Visual Basic.
Microsoft is announce own GitHub alternate soon. Is support only Visual SourceSafe. Code name is Windows for Workgroups.
Cloud expert in twitter is same as armchair quarterback in basketball.
Microsoft Web development manual is recommend for HTTP 500 error show screenshot of BSOD for consistent UX.
Source of Novell is tell me they are prepare big launch of new version of NetWare with slogan "Never say never".
In emergency bag every of devops need carry screwdriver, Ubuntu Live CD, CAT 5 cable, flashlight and spandex tights.
@GeorgeReese I made jump to Diaspora for long time. Uptime is 5 minute per month but is very worth it.
Devops remember, journey of reformat thousand Windows server is begin with single disk drive!
Now Linux kernel is on GitHub. Source of Microsoft is tell me they are put Windows kernel on BitBucket tomorrow.
In debate of AWS/Azure is winner dedicated hardware in data center http://t.co/ruMvxC4
Many year of experience teach me no programming language is better of another. Is why I am always stick with TurboPascal.
For Linux on desktop you are get what you are pay for. Is why I recommend combination SUSE Enterprise and RHEL.
Work on existing Open Source project: 1) show enthusiasm on mailing list;2) get code of GitHub, browse for 5 min;3) change project, goto 1.
Private cloud is new AJAX.
All technology is work perfect when n=1 or at most n=2.
@adrianco @swardley CloudFoundry is Rubber Ducky of cloud. OpenStack is Mr Potato Head.
I am in process of build private cloud but I can not able decide for OS between Gnu Hurd, Illumos and Plan 9.
If delve deep in Rails 3.1 code, you will be shock of see is base on Python Twisted framework.
Small cloud and big data is better of big cloud and small data.
Source of Microsoft tell me because of great demand from Azure customers they improve REST API by enhance HTTP protocol with REBOOT verb.
We also teach Java for .NET programmer. First lesson is format C drive and install Gentoo.
All Clouderati are invite to free hand on Cloud Workshop in Kazakhstan! We teach ssh, grep, tail, find and a little sed and awk.
I work on new language call Quattro. If want to do any thing, is exactly 4 way of do it.
@randybias you miss VMWorld announce of NoCloud product of VMWare. Is base on 90% virtualization in enterprise.
In startup we are sick and tire of Puppet and Chef war, we roll own tool. http://t.co/0AcgxYE
@mgualtieri 1986 is mean every of technology you learn is end of life for you. Exception maybe COBOL.
Microsoft has announce end of life of OLE DB. Many of Computer Science degree are for nothing now.
NoSQL, no cry.
Cloud with no API is same useful as Windows with no mouse.
If you are still do manual deployment, you need of know in devops we call it 'hand job'.
Source of Netflix is tell me Chaos Monkey is escape from enclosure! Is look like is need cloud with more Windows.
First step in achieve Zen of PHP is take both hand from keyboard.
Also what we are look for in devops is emotional intelligence not IQ. Is for deal with tantrum of diva developer.
In startup we not hire any devops if they not pass Turing test.
If forget root password, not need of boot in single user mode. Is sufficient of install Joomla and get root access immediate.
Google sales engineer is tell me not buy HBase because is cost more as BigTable. Is true?
Old Kazakhstan proverb is say "1 Android in hand is of worth 2 iPhone in bush".
At top of my todo list is learn CouchdBase IV.
Source of VMWare is tell me they are show prototype of NoCloud technology tomorrow in VMWorld.
I like new HTTP 200 page of Diaspora! Is say 'Database maintenance, will be back soon. In the mean time check out Facebook!'.
I am shock that in year 2011 is still very hard of install Novell NetWare!
In startup we are practice SEO Driven Development.
Is predicted that Octopus of VMWare is have same number of user in 12 month as Google GDrive is have in current.
In devops are sufficient 5 hour of sleep at night. If sleep more it mean you not have enough Nagios alerts!
In startup we are begin new lean practice Kanbaoke.
@adrianco is could be topical but is illegal in Kazakhstan.
Is no I in DevOps. Is no Windows in DevOps either.
In battle of NoOps and DevOps, is winner NoDev!
Ruby with no Rails is same as Perl with no $_
Source of Netflix is tell me cause for very out of date of streaming movie. Is because they roll own AMIs.
@GeorgeReese execution and monitoring.
@mattray @mrhinkle @ke4qqq is what we are call altruism. You owe me for big time.
In Kazakhstan we are more poor as in U S and A, so we can only able to afford threesquare.
@jasonh you have incorrect approach. Cloudstack is open source in 100%, just send patch and they apply.
Is Google+ the new Diaspora?
Is good of see Citrix CloudStack is now open source in 100%. Announcement was make at VMWorld.
In devops we have rule of thumb: if bash script is length more than 30 line, is time of reach for Erlang!
If solution to problem is not involve create new Web framework, is mean problem is not worth of solving.
You not have idea of what javascript segmentation fault is look like until you are try implement node in node. #nodeknockout
Google engineer is tell me they are prepare advertise for Go language with motto "ALL GO". Is unfortunately also spell ALGOL.
@GeorgeReese if use CSV for data import you are do it wrong! We use Big Data tool of flume and scribe for import direct into sqlite.
In Kazakhstan we say you need sleep with book under pillow to understand book. I sleep with collection of tweet of @swardley under pillow.
My Kazakhstan for an Big Data Specialist!
Also is true HP is sell everything so it can able of buy CloudFoundry from VMWare?
In time I am absent, is OpenStack still #1 cloud product after CloudFoundry?
I have take 2 month of sabbatical for delve deep in Ruby. Now my clothes are smell of shit.
@mgualtieri is very good comparison! I agree full. One small detail: instead of NoOps, is better use term NoOpsAndPray.
Google executive is say everything is break at scale. Is why Google Plus is hosted on Amazon EC2!
@reillyusa Azamat is start new job of next week as janitor for cloud company. Is able work 100% remote.
Azamat can able secure any cloud with Perl one-liner.
Azamat is happy Bromium customer! Motto of company is "Only secure cloud is one turned off in your pocket" #structureconf
Netflix is not down because of cloud. Cloud is down because of Netflix!
You are not agile devops if you not use SSD on all production DB server. Is only way to fail fast.
Private cloud is just as very good as public cloud, only not infinite.
If you 1) are not measure and 2) are not apply formula from 1970 research paper to all measurement, then you are do it wrong!
Azamat is tell me main takeaway of velocityconf is Ascii-Dong-Driven Infrastructure.
In devops datacenter failure is new hard disk failure.
@lintzston is easy look for fat man with mustache.
You are not devops if your dev never recompile Linux kernel and your ops never write line of C code.
Is interesting in startup we have same IT department as Netflix: Amazon cloud! Also as Netflix we fire Director of IT every 2 week.
Big question is: OpenCloud or ClosedStack?
#velocityconf attendee, please be hurry of check online schedule in morning if you need. Is down rest of day.
@sofuckingfuture cloud is just utility like electricity or running water. In some country as Kazakhstan is common of lose them twice a day.
Devops remember watch for any sign of: First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then they fire you.
Contrarian to rumour I am not attend #velocityconf but if you go say Jagshemash to Secretary General of Devops Borat fan club @b6n!
Is why in startup we decide of put Sexy in SNMP.
In startup we are study pattern for Internet traffic. You know 78% of traffic is SNMP?
@funkatron @abraham is because Kazakh government have private cloud much reliable than Google. Lot of small table instead of SPOF BigTable.
@argv0 I am full understand. I am feel bitterly after use NoSQL for whole day too!
Little know fact is for every click on Google +1 button is Bing get -1!
Cat is final out of spill bean! @Beaker is work on implement secure IPv6 across Kazakhstan cloud! Pay is low but get government decoration.
@wattersjames hate is not opposite of love. Need of be indifferent to show you not love AWS.
@mramos29 I can not able go but I send Azamat. Look for nude IPv4 packet!
Azamat is very sorry of tweet by mistake nude picture of his IPv4 packet!
For IPv6 costume party in startup tomorrow Azamat is dress as dropped IPv4 packet.
Azamat is manage prove 40% of all bug are happen because array index is start of 0 instead of 1!
If you can not able solve it with few than 10 Apache rewrite rule, is probable not worth solve.
Azamat is start new job on Monday as devops at BitkeeperHub!
In startup we are encourage experiment and mistake for devops with only 1 conditioning: uptime is need of be 100%.
@vambenepe is not touche with accent banned in France?
If want extract confession from devops, remember use maven!
As rule of thumb for type of server you run, is not in production if it never wake you up at 2 in morning.
@mranney for true devops ops is dev and dev is ops. #koan
In startup we apply same strategy of Twitpic: build cool product base on Twitter API then get acquired by Twitter and retire rich!!!
If you want work on implementation of perpetuum mobile machine, join our startup! We are offer generous pay in bitcoin!
Source of Microsoft is tell me Steve Ballmer is push hard for remarket Windows as OpenBS.
Azamat is so strong he can able of break any Markov chain.
In dev everything is solve with another level of indirection. In ops we use screwdriver.
Devops, if have small data, not worry. Is not size of data, is how you use.
New Google API for Self Driving Car is very nice! If get HTTP 401 mean you try drive wrong car. If get HTTP 301 mean your car is steal!
When all else is fail, try increase size of ascii dong.
Is anybody give try yet to nosql.js?
In devops you are consider Perl stud only if you have very big one liner.
In Ruby devops we are prefer cool new shit even if is break old shit! #rubygems #rake
For Plan B after 21 May I recommend try obtain @banksimple white card.
Azamat is almost finish with disaster recovery plan in case rapture is go wrong. It involve 1 camel, 1 linksys router and 1 bash script.
Azamat is work on next generation distributed /dev/null technology, is name NoSQLValue.
Azamat can not able believe that in next Ubuntu version for look at file you need to 'ocelot filename'!
@Porkstone stack exchange for devops is good idea but I can not able trust forum base on Windows technology. I roll own in cloud+NoSQL.
Law of devops crap: shit is hit fan in inverse proportion of crap you give about hardware which your application is run on.
In devops is not about cloud, is about speed measure in server configure per hour.
Devops not waste money and time on degree of college! All need is book of macaque with big eye on cover.
Is true Microsoft is buy Nokia. Windows 2012 is base on Symbian.
Cloud is to datacenter what Ruby is to assembler.
@pharkmillups please of add Kazakhstan government to list. They start with baby step of use Riak as FTP server.
Electronic mail postman always tweet twice.
In startup we are require all manual tester show kata move in morning before we allow them sit at keyboard.
Is not size of infrastructure in cloud, is size of cloud in infrastructure.
Quick message for #xp2011 participant: don't!
You are not cloud expert if you are not spend 1 night/month of deal with shit hit the fan.
For Azamat birthday I am plan of buy him 1 year of level Gold support for Cisco Flip camera.
Azamat has start new big project "Distributed Self-Heal Database, Motherfucker".
@wattersjames good cloud strategy: 1)try private cloud & fail;2)try public cloud & fail;3)try hybrid cloud & fail;4)teach of cloud success
@dsalons @jasonpeacock if interested I offer private cloud lesson.
Source of Microsoft is tell me little know fact that only way listen to Google Music is by use Skype! #googleio
Attention #googleio attendee! If got wrong version of tablet with Win XP Tablet Edition, please come at booth and get free Windows Phone 7!
Attention devops! Once you are install MS Skype, is only possible remove by use new security product MS AntiSkype!
Microsoft is reveal little know fact of Skype: real name is Hotchat, is run on FreeBSD!
Simple proof of cloud not exist: Hybrid cloud is both private and public. Hybrid cloud not exist. So private & public cloud not exist.
Source of Amazon is tell me for demo of disaster recovery at #interop they are shut down 1 zone of US East. All customer are refund!
Azamat is dissapoint computer on 25 US dollar USB stick is run Ubuntu. He is work on port of OpenBSD, is better community support.
@jpetazzo if have backups, YOU WIN ME!
@jonsterling difference is everything I say is from experience or minimum from Azamat experience.
Is hard explain for Azamat difference of node.js and Go language because in end EBS is still bring site down regardless.
NodeConf attendee: not forget at end of day tomorrow Joyent is reveal single laptop which is run no.de cloud!
Source of Microsoft is tell me 45% of all server in Azure cloud is apply Windows update at any give time. Other 35% are rebooting.
@johnmark can not able travel, need of be 24x7 in radius of pager which not work outside Kazakhstan.
@vambenepe github or it not happen.
Is good see RedHat final release own cloud with OpenShit.
Azamat is work on automatic deployment of Windows cloud. Is very easy with .bat file and AutoIt.
In devops is true size (of infrastructure) matter!
For OpenStack networking in startup we contribute Packet-Dropped-as-a-Service!
IaaS and PaaS are of similar in both rip you new one. Is difference that with PaaS you not know how they are do it.
How many cloud expert is take change lightbulb? Is not possible, cloud expert can only able give advice on avoid lightbulb outage in future!
Cloud expert at #openstack summit also coin term Closet Cloud, is private cloud which not dare expose public API.
We have first agreement of OpenStack summit! If site is down is proper procedure of first blame IaaS then PaaS and last SaaS.
@mgualtieri you are see in future if you write report before EC2 outage! "DevOps Is Good, But Cloud Computing Will Usher In NoOps"!!!
@wattersjames you are confuse. Perhaps you see Azamat, I send him to OpenStack summit. He is in PaaS track because zero failure there.
@ShlomoSwidler in startup we implement own Chaos Monkey for private cloud. Is combination of automate script and human with wire cutter.
Cloud expert at OpenStack summit are final settle on Network-as-a-Service principle of design. Just open a socket!
When going is get tough in one cloud, tough devops is get going in different cloud.
@vvuksan in Kazakhstan we not own anything of ourselves. If you are my friend, my availability is your availability, my camel is your camel.
Source in Amazon is tell me they buy Rackspace Cloud and turn it into EBS control plane!
Azamat is disgust of public cloud. He start roll his own, first with custom hardware then custom Linux kernel then custom Gentoo distro.
AWS post-mortem is say EBS outage due to human error. Step #1 for remedy is they not use human in future.
Big winner from EC2 outage is VMWare. They sell real hardware!
In startup we monitor medical equipment. We use combination of #openstack and #cloudfoundry. Survival rate is 29%.
Startup CTO just give order to devops team of build private cloud! He also say use real hardware not what Amazon is use.
Azamat is addict of Russian Roulette. He is tell me only stronger sensation is launch sharded database across multiple cloud.
Azamat is disgust of cloud. For next infrastructure deploy he is use BitTorrent as database layer.
Is of worth point out Kazakhstan government web site is never down during EC2 outage. Is because use 2 DEC VAX in HA configuration.
Azamat is hit of hardest by EC2 outage. He has Web site for dog care product, is already down for more of 1 week in dog years!
Old Kazakhstan proverb say 'He who have most mounted EBS volume at end of day is win!'
@mccrory we are very busy deploy across cloud provider, no time for conference. I recommend VMWorld, is all cloud expert, zero deploy.
Source of Netflix is tell me reason they survive EC2 outage is they buy 3 EC2 zone in bulk and evict all other tenant.
@GeorgeReese is F100 when they say F word 100 time?
For cloud deploy Azamat is recommend inverse rule of 5 nine. If web site is down 99.999% of time, user will be very happy when site is up!
Devops, if site is down today, you need blame yourself and not blame cloud expert! They have absolute nothing of do with cloud deploy!
For avoid cloud problem as today, in startup we deploy infrastructure in RAID5 across cloud provider with EC2 as hot spare.
Azamat is write "Art of Cloud" book. First chapter is on deception. Is start with "All cloud provider profit is base on oversubscription."
Cloud with no API is like Web server listen on 127.0.0.1:80.
@swardley I do cybernetics all day too with my wife.
@swardley @jamesurquhart is cybernetics same as informatics? Is have to do with genome of human yes?
@mgualtieri I not blame Forrester Analyst for want NoOps. Is true Ops is hard! I advise baby step of start learn 'ls'.
@brianshumate not need cloud for Beowulf. In startup we recycle old hardware by run Beowulf on it then Hadoop on top.
In devops we have saying "Fool and his private cloud are soon partitioned".
@wattersjames I know of vmc for long time yes. Now is final work as beta so I can able remove 'alias vmc=ec2-run-instances' from bashrc.
I am slight disappoint of #1 language request for CloudFoundry after Java and Ruby is Visual Basic!
Azamat is got text from wife: "Pizza man is teach me git. Is normal use push more or pull?"
@mrreynolds @roidrage nyet.
@jonnyshare not recognize word Sun. Is computer company?
@roidrage in Kazakhstan home remedy after day of shit work of Perl is sexytime with hot womans.
We launch new product 'Cloud in Van'. Azamat drive van around country, has private cloud in trunk. You use for adhoc MapReduce or DR site.
Before start use IBM Cloud, HP Cloud or Dell Cloud, think for moment of reason why is no Sun Cloud or Compaq Cloud or DEC Cloud.
I hate burst bubble but source in Microsoft is tell me they are buy Rackspace+VMWare. OpenStack/CloudFoundry is run exclusive on VirtualPC.
In devops we need be able do it frontend and backend.
In startup we roll new Web site infrastructure by use OpenCompute+OpenStack+CloudFoundry. Expect launch is 2017. Is cool shit but not work!
Warning! If you deploy CloudFoundry on 1 computer, it go take over all other computer in infrastructure! Is bug in autoscale. #cfoundry
Azamat just deploy CloudFoundry on laptop. It automatically scale to my laptop too! #cfoundry #magic #pixiedust
Still recover from 8 hour of video conference with VMWare cloud team! Big announce soon: VMWare is buy Amazon!
@GeorgeReese in devops we prefer Scala or Clojure. If want learn more programming language I recommend Bloom. Is same stack trace as Ruby!
Azamat is work on Nagios plugin for detect old babushka dig hole with depth more of 1 meter. Is sign Internet might go down in Central Asia.
Next year you will able ssh in Windows machine! For achieve this, Microsoft is buy Canonical and is rename Ubuntu as Windows Cloud Edition.
@wattersjames in Kazakhstan you are know as Cloud Futuramist.
Also in Kazakhstan we have advantage of use green datacenter in abandon uranium mine. Is free fuel, no carbon emission.
In Kazakhstan we do OpenCompute for long time. We use Google approach of cardboard pizza box for server. Hard disk is allow dangle free.
Wa wa wee wa! Kazakhstan government is final manage of hire star in TV Glenn Beck of U S and A! He start in 2 months as rodeo clown!
I am surprise not many people know of phrase "buy Oracle license" is translate exact in Kazakh language as "bend over and take it like man"!
Great success! I manage of launch first instance in IBM public cloud! Welcome screen is bit strange. You know what is z/OS?
@slpsys hybrid cloud expert are get some *mule* shit done.
In DevOps you are either get horse shit done or not. If not, not worry, you can still able qualify as cloud expert.
Source of VMWare is tell me is big announce on 12 April: they are replace Xen as platform of virtualizations in EC2!
@complex I like way you think of DevOps. You would be good culture fit at startup.
In startup we have strict rule of never RTFM unless you need of drive company Lamborghini for first time.
Is true DevOps is first culture then technology. Is why in startup we interview candidate in literature, classical music and ballet.
If SQL not cut it and NoSQL not cut it, is 2 solution:1)roll own BigData self-heal k/v store or 2)fire architect. Most do 3)deploy to cloud.
You have scalability problem? Not worry, good devops always plan of throw away first infrastructure!
In startup we apply rule Azamat has hear from wife: "I never believe of it unless I measure it."
Kazakhstan government is allow CEO of GoDaddy for kill all dangerous camel in our country. In return is free kazakh.gov domain for 2 year.
Scratch surface of cloud expert which say OS is not matter in cloud and you find Microsoft payroll.
For rainy afternoon when life is seem boring, I recommend try install new version of anything on CentOS.
@mtodd @tekkub you are discuss case when github is not blow away production database instead of test, yes?
Devops, you may be tempt play April Fool joke on coworkers by say latest code was push to production. Trust of me, is not at all funny.
I not understand big deal of April Fool Day. In cloud is Fool Day every day!
If application is run very slow, is 2 possibilities: you use laptop, or you use m1.small EC2 instance.
Is easy go from DevOps to NoOps. Is just need make sure you have NoBackups.
For Backup Day Azamat is write article "How build own Cloud drive" for Make magazine. Is involve PERC, 3.5" floppy, S3, USB thumbdrive, SSD.
Azamat is shock of find out his wife is closet debian!
Azamat is consider list EC2 instances as endangered species. He is hope they are spare from sudden death.
Confuse of Dev or Ops? Simple rule: if you are praise for Web site success, you are Dev; if you are blame when Web site down, you are Ops.
In startup we have Casual Friday. Employee are allow bring camel and Windows laptop to work.
Devops good news and bad news! Good news: bubble is back! Bad news: is hard find job in startup if not have excellent ping-pong skill!
@dozba you are true. Same for ebay and paypal.
@swardley @JoeBaguley in Kazakhstan we give refrigerator not certificate to cloud expert. Is for horse meat.
I send Azamat to U S and A for learn Dev from @zedshaw and Ops from @dozba. First task is learn curse word of America.
@swardley not worry, you create list so you are on metadata of list! Azamat say you are always #1 in heart of him!
@swardley I admit I am charlatan in personally! Which are you?
In startup we ask question in interview for devops: "You use Windows at any time?" We assure candidate of answer is strict confidential.
@krishnan please consider of change word Cloud with Compute Utility across of your story. /cc @swardley
Every weekend in startup we let servers catch breath by send all log to /dev/null. Performance during week is improve by 20%!
After try 5 SQL and 8 NoSQL product, Azamat is still search for database. Requirement is not even hard! Is must only have C, A and P.
I am try prove "Microsoft technology is scale at infinite" by induction. Prove of N =&gt; N+1 is very easy. Only problem is N=1 keep do BSOD.
@nnmiller in that case is no project to speak of, so no failure!
Is correlation between word use by devops and project failure rate: "async", "continuous", "eventual", "RoR", "PaaS", "socket", "elastic"
Azamat is run Big Data analytics on famous last words in devops. Most common is "I know, I roll own monitoring tool!"
In startup we have shock offer from @color. They want buy us for 39 million U S Dollar! Good thing CEO not want sell out so cheap.
Advice of Azamat: if want DevOps culture, make of sure not hire Ninja Dev and Pirate Ops!
@pcapr Azamat like! Only observation is try use Perl one-liner more often instead of Ruby!
You can able pop hood open? Is DevOps. You can not able? Is NoOps.
In startup we are work on 5GL language. We estimate go full #NoDev in Q4 2011.
Was not as easy as it sound, but Azamat final manage replace himself with Perl one-liner! Now he is look for job. #NoOps
If ops do dev, user may find serious bug on Web site! If devs do ops, is no Web site for user to find bug!
Azamat is run Hadoop analytics on tweet mention of myself. Interesting fact: if you live in NZ, UK or AU is great chance you hate my joke!
@daveasprey is great of read you start work on cloud infrastructure in 1998! If judge by rest of post, you stop in 2002 yes?
In devops before we can able blog we need of write own blog engine in own Web framework on top of own HTTP server.
@ripienaar @kit_plummer when say 'we', you mean "the needed #devops cultural movement"? I am agree!
Azamat suffer of devops castration anxiety. He is afraid of lose root privilege.
Source at Mozilla is tell me they were able produce only 4 million Firefox 4 browser so hurry if you want download!
In devops we live dangerous. We can be replace at any time with small script!
Great success today! We manage double capacity of public cloud in Almaty Kazakhstan. Is true saying go from 1 to 2 instance is hardest!
@fujin_ why you so angry?
Behind every great devops guy is rejection from hot woman.
Azamat is pine for days when men were men and wrote own device driver. Cloud is slow transform men in wimp!
@wattersjames is very hard break in top 10 cloud expert. Condition include attend 35 conference per year and be in photo with 5 of other 9.
@botchagalupe guy who wrote NoOps post is very confuse. With better command of English language he could be cloud expert (PaaS only).
In devops if shit is not hit fan at least one time each week, it mean you are not try very hard.
Is true ignorance is bliss but in devops it mean Nagios server is down.
Tolstoy's Law of Devops: "Happy server are all alike. Unhappy server are each unhappy in own way". Is why need Ganglia!
Tire of identical server from automated deployment? In startup we offer hand craft server! Is expensive, slow,buggy but is custom for you!
In startup we are tell each server one with most alert is eliminate. Is result in very good reliability and performance!
@swardley I not trust any web site with name start with pee.
Azamat is offer node.js training. Bring laptop. Make of sure you take out hard drive, no disk I/O involved.
Good devops as Azamat is able scale Web farm by 25% in instant! Just send 25% HTTP request to /dev/null.
You can not able choose of create Web product or enterprise product? Is easy! In first case Google is buy you, in 2nd case Oracle.
@mramos29 is 1% inspiration and 99% transpiration. Data center in Kazakhstan not have A/C.
In cloud each VM is compete hard with all others, or at least is die trying.
In startup we roll out infrastructure in RAIC 5 across minimum 3 Cloud provider. 100.0000001% uptime.
Is only top 10 cloud expert in world that can able put BS in EBS.
@wattersjames in Kazakhstan public cloud is network very predictable: 0% packet loss inside, 100% outside. Is vCloud of same?
For disk I/O, if you can not able beat them, join them! (in RAID 0)
Azamat is finish CISSP today. Tomorrow he is already start practice most important lesson: disable telnet on all server!
Cloud expert remember: not attempt actual buildout of infrastructure or you are disqualified! Talk at conference allowed.
Everybody is bash the cloud of lately. In startup we refuse do it!  We prefer zsh.
@mccrory @adrianco @beaker Azamat is very good at security by obscurity. He has method of random change cloud API for confuse hacker.
You have cloud issue? Apply method of 5 Whys, then find human who misconfigured router.
Art of devops war: disable engineer on pager and you disable whole infrastructure.
Is easy come up good name scheme. For app server we use Mike,Mikusya,Mikus,Mikusik,Mikushenka,Mikulya,Mikusha, Mikushka,Mikushenka,Mikochka
For Saint Patrick feast in startup we paint all our Tomcats in green.
Devops: key signing party Saturday in Almaty Kazakhstan! We not only sign PGP but private SSH and SSL key too! You also get offsite backup!
@littleidea if contest is take place west of Moscow then is weak.
@adrianco please consider CTO position at Almaty startup. You have chance of order Azamat around! Pay not good but we are party all time.
When in doubt, denormalize. When doubt is gone, normalize back.
Azamat is back from Sex by Southwest conference.
@DrPrettyBad all of above.
There is no DevOps. Is DevQaOps or DevOpsQa or OpsQaDev or OpsDevQa or QaDevOps or QaOpsDev. Perfect balance is 50/30/20.
In startup we have opening for 1 junior devops. Requirement in-depth knowledge of BGP, Lisp and Dynamo.
In startup we practice Continuous Coding in 3 shift of 8 hour. Is base on observation that quality is able only come out of quantity.
Career advice for devops: avoid technology if is based on acronym! Only safe bet is HTTPS and SSH.
Devops remember, world is not perfect! Otherwise we would have Perl 6, VMWare public cloud and working NoSQL!
In startup we need cut cost at all time. For database as example we not call commit so we save on CPU load, disk I/O and network traffic.
Continuous deployment is to deployment what trainwreck is to train.
@swardley irony is I am doer not thinker. Philosopher is really Azamat.
Cloudy Award is all parody, yes? Then I like! Best is Dyn Inc top IaaS provider!
CloudCamp attendee: is true power struggle in cloud expert circle are solve Bonobo style?
@lnxchk you win me!
Devops guy rule #1: if you see devops friend work on Windows machine, you are not allowed tell anyone.
Of 10 NoSQL product: 4 is not possible install, 3 is crash in 1 day, 2 is freeze server in 1 week, 1 is corrupt data in 1 month.
If I had dollar for every instance I lose in public cloud, I could be able build public cloud.
@dozba if need SQL database you are do it wrong. You only need find + grep + awk + bdb.
Elite writer is use typewriter. Elite devops is use BSD OS.
Windows version is come and go, but Blue Screen Of Death is forever.
@mranney Ganglia for #winning. Now you are owe me 2 healthy ox.
Your application is not of webscale. You start at use coroutine library. Good luck at find cobugs!
Devops not forget what is go around is come around unless you are use SOAP.
If application is not scale just open an Erlang.
When is devops going be open sourced?
Last word of devops guy at startup was "RabbitMQ or die".
Cloud is rarely fail. Is only when datacenter segfaults.
@joe262_ is recursive.
In startup we offer BaaS. Is Blame as a Service, if you use cloud and is fail, you call API and blame is go to us.
@roidrage in Kazakhstan you have choice either go jail or go work for startup do continuous deployment. Most devops are prefer jail.
Devops! Contact of me if interest in work for Big 5 cloud vendor for design Lock-in API!
Is not cloud if is not fail often and hard.
SaaS Builder Guide: 1. Build flaky IaaS. 2. Build PaaS on top, no SLA. 3. Take away of API access.
@swardley @vambenepe I intent not go at Stockholm for accept prize.
If vote on http://cloudcamp.uservoice.com/ take cloud expert score and put - in front. If you propose topic please disconnect from Internet.
You have database problem. You research blog and HN. You start use NoSQL product. Now you not know anymore if you have problem.
You can not able guess what Azamat was able do to his wife last night with Perl one-liner!
PaaS is new Plug and Pray. Plug application in cloud and pray vendor is able scale it.
Windows 7 is sexy OS! In special when Linux is on top of it!
@postwait I am ask you consider Kazakhstan for cloud need. Bandwidth is free, instance is free. We are only take 30% of your profit.
Cloud hybrid is a best of breed! Is less security than private cloud, but it compensate with less scalability than public cloud! #ccevent
#ccevent attendee not forget special event tonight! Top 10 cloud expert in world are mud wrestle naked on stage! May best win! #openstack
Not forget #devopsnights in Kazakhstan next month! What happen there is going stay there!
@littleidea very sorry hear it, is automatic subtraction of 250 point of your cloud expert score.
I can not able count times I was save by Perl one liner. Today I use for unbox 100 Dell server and install OpenStack in less of 15 min!
Is easy go from devops to cloud expert. Is impossible go from cloud expert to devops.
@dkoffler @acroll I LIKE! In Kazakhstan we have best devops and hottest womans (and also other of way around if you are from San Francisco)
@dkoffler @acroll genkuie! What was yell about?
@jeremyhammer is all in eye of beholder.
@ibroadfo is always profound tweet, is depend on receiver to get it. Not worry you are going grow into it.
Devops remember: when job is on the line, only technology invented before 1995 will save of your ass!
In #devops is not what you know, is what you deploy.
Azamat is find perfect use case of NoSQL: is when you not care if you have NoData.
@Werner I warn already of everybody at #ccevent need subtract 200 from cloud expert score. You still have time leave.
@zedshaw is good article for year circa 2002. You heard term devops? I can teach if you want!
Was not aware of #ccevent motto but I like! "You can take cloud expert out of BS talk but you can't take BS talk out of cloud expert!"
Microsoft: "It's not often that we encourage you to stop using one of our products but for #MSOffice we make an exception: docs.google.com"
@GeorgeReese I have tweet capability 24x7 so is not good strategics.
@tnm which are you?
@GeorgeReese insurance is of value when virtual machine is production database no backup.
EC2 is like box of chocolate. You never know what size of instance you are going get available.
@littleidea is true. Is also apply to cloud: if you are not outgrow private cloud, you are not try enough!
Devops remember, always deal with cloud like is no tomorrow!
#ccevent attendee make sure at end of day turn off conference private cloud for save energy. Is private cloud on yes?
@randybias so what you say is Amazon buy all other cloud and make infra standard?
@randybias if use mixtent please subtract 200 from your cloud expert score.
@vambenepe you are rightful! You must have tigerblood.
@ShlomoSwidler I am detect fear in your question. Not worry, you have high enough score that you survive #ccevent. Not repeat though!
@GeorgeReese I am busy manage cloud, can not able do and talk at same time. I believe @cloudsheen is give keynote on Friday.
@ShlomoSwidler speaker is 1 strike, 2 to go from erase of devops guild. #ccevent
After close look at #ccevent schedule, all attendee please subtract 300 from cloud expert score. Devops on pager for cloud instance add 500.
@jtimberman no but you are in the high 200s.
@JoshuaKerievsky in startup Azamat has title Architect so is self understand he is not dangerous enough of code and break build.
All #ccevent attendee please add 100 to your cloud expert score! Everybody else please subtract 100!
How are company run their cloud infrastructure when all cloud expert are attend CloudConnect???
Programming is only fun until build is fail.
@ieure @al3x I am agree. In startup we not use issue tracker. Each developer is start with 5 life and lose 1 life per P0 bug until fired.
ESR law adapted of devops: With enough cloud instance, all deploy bugs are shallow.
In startup we also have contest of best Perl one liner. Winner so far is Azamat for rewrite of Ruby on Rails.
Also at end of month developer with worst bug record is force port app to iPhone.
In startup we keep chart of worst bug of week. Punishment for developer is rewrite code in VBScript for 1 week.
Devops means never have say sorry after deploy.
Is easy write bug-free code. Is what academics do every day! Just remember never release to production.
@randybias I final get it. You want become Edison of cloud!
Not trust Mix Tent! They are startup of nomad asshole Uzbeks!
@GeorgeReese genkuie trust. You are in definite top 10 cloud expert in world. But because of previous tweet you are make top 5!
Devops: if you want become manager, you need forget Unix skill and all language except C#, and most important subscribe InfoWorld!
At party is not always possible be smartest. Is not always possible be hottest. Is always possible say you have biggest private cloud!
We have position open in Almaty startup for garbage collector!
@randybias is what @swardley is say and he is #1 cloud expert in world. Public cloud WINNING!
Devops remember alway follow dream! Unless dream is involve EJB, Oracle, Perl 6, or any Microsoft product.
When CEO is start learn .NET, is time jump ship! #devops
In privatw cloud we offer special Double Or Nothing! You get double number of instance at same price OR all your instance are terminate!
I tell Azamat I am conduct 5 Whys to find root cause of failure. Azamat reply 'Is what she said!'
OpenStack is PHP of cloud.
Size not matter in cloud. Is elasticity matter! #devops
Cloud is overrate. In 5 year you can able run any web site from laptop. You need 2 laptop for HA.
#Devops not forget always wash hand after use cloud!
Galina is say me and Azamat are as Wham! of #devops. Is band so popular in U S and A?
Story like #ie6countdown is inspirational. Genkuie Apple too for #iphone4countdown and #ipad1countdown!
In startup we welcome advocate of continuous delivery by put them on pager. Next they advocate quarterly release.
Big advantage of data center over cloud is you can able conduct safe smoke testing. Remote hand ready with fire extinguisher.
I am so tire of recursion jokes. Azamat is ask me why. Because I am so tire of recursion jokes.
In our startup, first step in continuous deployment is continuous compiling.
How many cloud expert is take change lightbulb? 86400 per day at conservative rate of 1 lightbulb fail every second.
@pandemicsyn @OpenStack I put loud in cloud.
Cloud is the new single point of failure.
NoSQL Magazine is need gear tester! Try out NoSQL product for 1 month and receive 50% off your Oracle license!
@vambenepe as Proust is say: "va te faire foutre, Oracle"!
Oracle has trademark on word SQL! Is mean you have choice of either use DB2, or MyOracle/MS OracleServer/PostgreOracle.
In hipster #devops we use other Perl: Processing, Erlang, R, LaTeX
I work on remake of Leonard Cohen song "Who by FireSheep".
I had of kill sheep of fire of Azamat. I learn lesson: when open socket, make of sure is secure socket! Is easy with node.js.
Hahahahaha DevopsBorat you are pwned!!!! LOL!!!! Is what you get for not use Secure Socket Layer!!!! (Azamat here with Fire The Sheep!!!!)
What is bitchin' mean? Azamat is put "bitchin' rock star from Mars developer" on LinkedIn profile.
Azamat is work on new language code name Oak. Is like C++ but more dumb. Is for cloud, is run everywhere. Oracle has show interest!
Azamat is just send to mentor @b6n live camel for birthday. Mail carrier use cloud and NoSQL yes? If not is not good for camel.
@roidrage @basho congrat on dream job of developer advocate! Is mean you write less code, do less deploy, but talk more in theory yes?
VMWare is soon launch OpenPaaS! Is close to public, invitation only. 22nd lucky caller is get API access!
If it can not be done with find, grep, cut, sed and awk, then is not worth doing.
Little know fact of EC2 instance: every minute they ask themselves "to be or not to be, that is the question"!
In #devops we are forget more Perl syntax in 1 day than non-devops learn in 1 month.
The PaaS Paradox: "PaaS is 250% more scalable than IaaS...25% of the time"
You are not #devops if you not learn 3 web framework, 2 programming language and 1 OS at any give time.
@antirez @moonpilysoft we are also implement fast distributed self-heal key/value store in startup. We call Almaty Water Closet.
We have new hire Galina hot intern for sales in startup. She already push into Prod! Guy Prod is QA manager, he like push very much!
Not forget fundraising for #devops in Almaty Kazakhstan! We are have sale of bake Windows PC!
From collection of #devops poem: "A database by any other name / Would still be owned by Oracle"
Azamat is practice Mild Programming. Is 10% code, 2% test and 88% check twitter and HN.
Why adopt cloud in your company? Shit is have more fans to hit!
We have 3 for 2 deal in Kazakhstan cloud every day! You pay for 3 instance and get 2 back.
@ShlomoSwidler you are cloud wizard. I ask only for 20% cut of money you make, is better of Apple or Facebook with 30%.
Source in Google is tell me they begin cut cost. First step is outsource MapReduce operation to Yahoo server farm which are run Hadoop.
For get job at @banksimple need be proficient in JBash, JRuby, JPython and JPerl. Prior Java experience is consider minus.
@mperham we had event in Kazakhstan but it take only 4 second because we use node.js.
Very nice! Scala win Oscar for best Java language!
Azamat has camel can able predict Oscar winner. For this year she pick Oracle.
Azamat was invite for Oscar red carpet. He can not able go because today he is of pager duty rotation. #Devops
2 option for success of startup: hire team of 1 architect, 5 dev, 2 QA, 2 ops; or hire team of 1 Internet Jedi Samurai Jason Calacanis
@robinbowes genkuie mild compliment. You not dig Kazakh humor of too much?
To make error is human. To propagate error to all server in automatic way is #devops.
@roidrage I am write book on how fail fast and hard in variety of distribute system. Is call "Crime and punishment in a distributed world".
We have new startup CloudJanitor. We recycle old or unuse cloud instance. Need only your cloud account login!
@GeorgeReese status 4 is know as "fsck you" in devops.
Datacenter=bare metal. IaaS=bare cloud. PaaS=virtual cloud. SaaS=bulls shit.
Azamat is close open source library voidcloud, is allow NOOP against all cloud vendor in any language.
@daveasprey is not possible deploy to same cloud twice. #Devops #Heraclitus
Good news for javascript devops! You are now able choose have code check from 3 place: jslint.com, jshint.com and jsinnuendo.com!
We hire new bizdev guy Boris today. He already push code to production! Unfortunate he blow up prod DB instead of test DB. Last day today.
Formation of hybrid cloud: 1) roll in datacenter 2) SHIT! roll to cloud 3) SHIT! roll half back to datacenter.
Why are all hot womans in startup in sales? (or hot mens if you live in San Francisco)
New requirement for Kazakhstan government minister is need know Haskell.
@gyehuda source is tell me Facebook is buy Yahoo but keep only Flickr for photo album. Is true?
Hello @launch! Vote for friend Artyom of Kazakhstan with startup Career 40.0, is for programmer age over 40 year which can not able get job.
I am sick and tire of high scalable talk. I start research NoScale system. First surprise result: best product are of Microsoft!
@b6n is no joke. Azamat is implement 4 Local Interpreter Lock, is much more bigger throughput as of 1 GIL.
@ieure in Kazakhstan twitter is DSL for devops to pick up hot womans.
Azamat is very busy of rename all network interface from eth0 to az0.
@jamesurquhart @acroll I full agree. Cloud is not need good practice. If screw up, just launch other instance, is very easy.
How can tell which is #1 hacker in world? Is easy, is person which can able crack password of Chuck Norris!
Also if you please, make effort of use correct term. Is OracleScript not JavaScript!
Azamat like Perl, Ruby and Python but favorite language is Visual Javascript.
Azamat is living as king in Kazakhstan village. Secret? Lot of Sun shares.
98 things devops need know: #1 is all culture #2 is some automation #3 cfengine/chef/puppet #4-#97 clouds #98 is all will belong to Oracle
In news! Almaty Kazakhstan startup wCloud is #8 vCloud implementor in world after Softbank! vCloud is make very easy port of VMWare to Xen.
@arekdreyer @DeirdreS is true, you need be afraid of network consultant such as my person and Azamat but only if you are not use cloud.
Joyent is take on Google Chrome notebook! They are launch notebook of Node OS soon. Is all base on node.js, blaze fast.
@RonJeffries @martinfowler in startup we have system of trade for internal quality. 1 miss unit test=1 sheep. 1 ruby LOC=1 camel.
Azamat is work on tool for launch cloud instance call rip. Boss will need ask him "can you rip me new one?".
Azamat is work on cover of Bob Marley song "No SQL, NoSQL".
Apache Hadoop is may be good for beginner but advance user is need reach for Borland Turbo Hadoop.
Make 1 mistake, is happen. Make 2 mistake, get fired. Make 3 mistake, ask for VC funding for startup.
Evolution of programmer: Noob-&gt;Craftsman-&gt;Ninja-&gt;Zed Shaw-&gt;Rockstar-&gt;Azamat-&gt;Troll-&gt;Paul Graham
Azamat is specialize in Small Data. Is like Big Data but on Windows.
@GeorgeReese you just crack top 1000!
Guy walk in node.js bar. He try order drink but bartender is keep saying "call back, call back"!
@adrianco @wattersjames full agree public cloud very expensive. Is why we use private cloud of VMWare + Mechanical Turk API for remote hand.
In devops we have good saying: is not size of tool, is how well you deploy!
Google scientist can not able prove "do no evil" is true. They can able prove more weak assert "do less evil than Apple".
@LusciousPear I am not able tell yet if budget allow attend conference.
@moonpolysoft is Mozart of current status.
Devops not forget! Nothing is such important as your tool!
Azamat is work on NoSQL project Circe, is turn any SQL query in Pig equivalent!
@billwscott @adrianco Azamat is also in photo but can not able see it, he is under table after drink 2 liter vodka.
Friend Matz from Japan is tell me next version of Ruby is base on Ruby on Rails.
Source is tell me photo of Obama and tech leader is show them toast for success of OpenStack project!
@ctennis not insult my family. By read @thinkstrategies tweet I can able tell he ia asshole Uzbek.
@jamesgolick we are use sheep breed in Almaty startup: http://www.sheep101.info/breeds.html
Is janitor at Yahoo still make 1 million dollar per year on paper?
We also conduct study prove vi users are much better troll than emacs users.
We conduct large scale experiment for prove if you not use NoSQL then you are likely suffer of clusterophobia.
@antonyfalco @al3x you laugh but we have Kazakh Idol is like charade of impersonate NoSQL! Winner was Riak guy as naked sumo wrestler.
As Azamat is say when read Perl script of 6 month ago: "Camels gonna camel".
Azamat final found use of Kindle. He put Ubuntu on it and run xeyes. Is better companion than dog.
Azamat is work hard on resume by commit to random github project every day. He is add one space at end of README.
Source in Microsoft is tell me they make big announce soon: Visual Erlang 1.0! Is very easy add widget for fault tolerance!
Good way interview devops at startup. Have test environment mimic prod, give candidate 15 minute for solve critical production issue!
Advice for devops: if you want get married, need do A/B testing of post picture of you with different hot womans. Most hits is win!
Azamat is change legal name to 'the devops formerly working on Windows'.
@tlockney I full agree. Cannot able understand accent from south of U S and A either.
@KirinDave @al3x Azamat is very excite of Akka 1.0! All actor are work hard except lead actor. Is asshole, we fire him.
Azamat is manage prove theorem "less code =&gt; more bugs"! Proof is simple, remove 1 line of code in codebase at random every day!
Is Google finish of deploy TCP/IP on Mars? (cc @VintCerf)
Are you suffer of carpal tunnel? Try simple Kazakhstan home remedy: switch of Windows to Unix!
@vambenepe you not read attentive, task was administer Windows machine. If try cloud it clog network of NetBIOS packet.
Is not what happen to you in life ("administer Windows machine!"), is how you react: insert Ubuntu Live CD.
@FrancescoC you have roast sheep and vodka? I bring camel milk.
7-11 March is Cloud Disconnect conference Almaty Kazakhstan! Topics: lock-in strategy for cloud vendor; IaaS/PaaS/SaaS for dummy (CxO only)
@bradhouse all follower are part exclusive devops club. When visit Kazakhstan my horse is your horse, my water well is your water well.
Attention devops! Startup in Almaty Kazakhstan is look for Drone Metal Rock Star engineer!
Congrat @flpatriot as follower #2000! I give you healthy camel when visit Kazakhstan! Also, you are in top 10000 devops in world automatic!
@GeorgeReese is why you are #1299 devops in world.
@sharpshooda genkuie. You are Samba specialist?
If you want children grow up programmer, make of sure you first teach XML when they start talk!
@Swardley's Paradox: the higher of rank you have of cloud expert in world, the less you know of deploy application in cloud.
Also I had teenage idol of Charles Petzold.
During growing up I was often dream of be child of K&R.
Attention young programmers! You not need CS degree for make it big! All need is good attitude of work like slave for startup CEO!
@garnaat maybe I help? I have rank #53 cloud expert in world! Email devopsborat for yahoo.com.
For Valentine Day I spend romantic evening with wife of champagne, chocolate and watch season #2 of "Dallas". Is true JR Ewing is get shot?
Source in IBM is tell me Watson has big desire of get laptop dance.
@jungtweet no, CORBA.
After 2 liter vodka Azamat can able write Web framework in any programming language.
You know Kazakhstan have important role in build Watson mainframe? We supply uranium for power source!
@RonJeffries I understand. No feeling hurt. Is very good you know of cloud!
Test for devops knowledge! NoSQL is improve your performance: a) if scale horizontaly; b) if scale vertically; c) in bed; d) all above.
@RonJeffries is bulls shit. You want yesman yes? No value of that.
On Valentine Day, remember! What is happen in the cloud is stay in the cloud!
@GeorgeReese is easy, you are #3 cloud expert in world after @swardley and @randybias. You are very close to #2, but not think of #1.
@Laurelco not be mad at @adrianco, devops are very poor of socialize skill but are very strong for sexytime!
Attention Devops! If want pick up hot woman today, make of sure you work CAP theorem in pick up line!
@dozba you are do it wrong. Not need new programming language, is enough use sed and awk and Unix pipe.
@michaelbolton @TestSheepNZ if come to my country you have root on production on 1st day of job! Record for tester tenure is 4 day.
Not fear deletion of programming language in Wikipedia! I have 17 language almost create by Amazon Mechanical Turk.
@vambenepe you are fashion of old. In cloud is no on/off button!
Is true Lady Gaga is got out of egg shell after guy dress as spermatozoid hit it?
Devops not forget: love = never say sorry if server not come up after reboot! Just launch of other instance in cloud!
Happy Valentine Day for all! May love be strength more than SSL certificate of 1024 bit!
@tnm in Kazakhstan is already Happy Valentine Day. I give my wife nice present of Nokia Windows phone. She already learn how reboot it.
@KirinDave if use Akka for simulator, good of luck! We are use Ada as in army strong!
@KirinDave not sure of why is big deal of ping-pong with Akka. Azamat and me play each day and have simulator in Ada too.
@loweschmidt "Women have been/Exceptionally kind/To my old age."
@daveasprey genkuie post life lesson of being big shot entrepreneur. Is remarking how all biohackers are on drug all time. Is make sense.
Reader is ask who am I. I am Leonard Cohen kind of guy.
@randybias @Cloudscaling you offer green color card? I could be of interested.
@mccrory if drink with Azamat 9 men out of 10 cannot able speak any language at all anymore.
@mccrory you must excuse analyst, he is in training from Almaty Kazakhstan, English language not good yet. He mean the other way around.
Congrat @etsy for allow VC @fredwilson think he is push code to production. Other bot program is remove all checkins from VCs. Old trick!
@randybias you are #2 cloud expert in world yes? I know of #1 is @swardley. Azamat is know all top 10.
@loggly is good OK! Expect of 1 TB logs for day.
@loggly I like very much log too but you have small expensive beaver for my size.
@infinitary @marick first experience for myself was with girl. You had with CS expert, so YOU WIN!
Azamat is launch App Stove for all phone apps you need throw away.
@scottmlikens call Nokia CEO immediate, he is desperate put Gentoo on all Nokia phone and he cannot find more of 9 expert in world!
@jamesurquhart @beaker beeping was necessary to silencing Azamat dirty word. He is NOT happy user of Linksys!
@RonJeffries @michaelbolton in Almaty startup we value count bugs/second. Product we build is bug tracking system.
@roidrage is many extra capacity in Kazkhstan public cloud. One caveat all root account work no password. Is requirement for openness.
@jamesurquhart I am surprise Extreme Networks still around. I only am aware is used by asshole Uzbeks.
Azamat is teach his horse simple programming statement. He already learn goto.
I have great honor of followers think I am identity of @b6n or @littleidea. Misfortunately I have small brain but I compensate else where!
Rackspace is say OpenStack is OS of the cloud. How is handle floppy disk?
Congrat Rackspace for buy one more OpenStack participant Anso Laboratory! Next of list is Cisco!
Also Azamat is create Convore group for Disprove CAP Theorem. Invitation only but Perpetuum Mobile researcher all accepted!
Azamat is work hard on network cable of can not be cut. He is try for permanent P so he can able prove CAP wrong.
Congrat convore team for launch new Ruby on Rails application! Is very good competitor to Ta-Da List!
@botchagalupe why you discriminate me and block from follow? I wait for you at Almaty airport, I bring extra camel so you not need taxi!
@justinsheehy here is other eventual joke special for yourself: CouchBase will eventually exist!
@wattersjames I think you like scalebase. Claim to fame is eventual high availability.
@pkhamre previous tweet is apply still. Not remember city or time, I was busy of entertained by Windows executive.
@KrisBuytaert not remember, I was busy of entertained by Windows executive.
Nokia CEO call me from burning platform, is want hire me for bring cultural change to company. I have chance run Gentoo on all Nokia phone!
@GeorgeReese I have fear that DeMorgan law is say you are not real man then!
@jamesurquhart money is not bring happiness! Old Kazakh proverb say man is need only 3 things: woman, horse and cloud API.
@jamesurquhart genkuie link of England NHS cloud of use Novell. Is reassure Kazakhstan not only country bet future of cloud on NetWare!
Important advice for devops! Is soon Day of Valentine. Make sure you grow mustache. Is manly and womans will go crazies!
Is true Fedora 14 not install Perl of default??? How we will administrate IT system for uranium mine in Kazahkstan???
@wattersjames no need apologize for question. We have proverb in Kazakhstan "No such thing as stupid question".
I not understand why company as Basho raise only 7.5 million of dollars. Better strategy is get at least 30 million dollar by sell to AOL!
Azamat is conduct study of how much person is Elastic CouchBase able scale horizontal for sexytime. Is look ugly so far.
@GeorgeReese I also like very much random shutdown feature of enStratus!
@codinghorror Azamat ask me say no thank you to yourself. He is think you are #1 Visual Basic programmer in world!
Friend from U S and A is tell me all devops there need learn self confidence. They look in mirror in morning say "Hello gorgeous!" Is true?
@joestump guy named @t is need of more of life. We have good opportunity recreation in Kazakhstan. Camels, womans, horseridings, vodkas.
@wattersjames I agree in full. Use of PaaS such of Amazon RDS is hide setting from user and is very dangerous! Where is IaaS when need it!?
Reliable source is tell me VMWare PaaS project is codename "Azure".
Groupon is make big play in Kazakhstan. Today is buy one cloud get one cloud free!
@jamesgolick you are very wrong. I know rock star engineer which can judge book by cover.
@julien is true! For my own too, everything I ever have I get through fucking Azamat.
Not forget! Cisco/Rackspace Webinar today on how replace backbone router with Linux whitebox and OpenStack!
@Brilliantcrank I agree in full, is very wrong. Correct is "You've got Arianna" with two of n.
If you hear rumor AOL is buy @DEVOPS_BORAT for 20 million dollar, is may or is may not true.
@ohlol you speak true, "we are bankscale" is good tagline for @banksimple!
@lisacrispin is true agile2011 is last agile conference? Azamat is conduct global survey, nobody is use agile today.  Is all Kanban.
@ohlol everything is web scale if throw enough money at it.
@vambenepe is what you get when you not use cloud!
Azamat show me "Social Network" film today. Why Zuckenberg mention Perl and Python not Ruby? Azamat is think Zuck not technical enough.
Is good we have cloud in Kazakhstan. Without we would have government site crash when Superbowl commercial on beauty of our country was on!
@roidrage question is: "if have N servers and M can able fail at anytime, what you need for site still up and around?". Also M &gt; N.
@maryannerooney genkuie. You are wife of football player Rooney from Manchester? Make sure he is not cheat of you.
@RonJeffries @marick practice of pair promiscuity is very common for our startup. Is mandatory condom though.
I have guess for big football game in U S and A today. Packs striker is score from corner kick but Steel FC is win 2-1!
Is so true! OpenStack #fosdem "Adding resources is 1 API call away". Small detail: make of sure you are catch NotImplemented exception!
Is every male alpha tester also tester alpha male?
@lnxchk @botchagalupe if you want take guess send email to devopsborat yahoo.com and you win camel!
@sofuckingfuture Azamat and me only do Stereo, no Mono.
@botchagalupe what makes yourself think you are know my identification?
Also if you are attend #fosdem please use OS of conference sponsor FreeBSD. Goal is to get to 0.2% market share from 0.12%.
Azamat is open house of fault tolerance in Almaty. All devops welcoming!
Jagshemash #fosdem participant! You know f in fosdem is mean free beer? Make of sure you are drunk responsible!
Azamat always like for listen good music when programming. His favorite is "Kazakhstan on my mind". Is go well with Ruby.
@lnxchk you have of dirty mind. I was refer to cultural mating of devs and ops. Size not matter.
I submit OSCON proposal in last minute: "Rain Dance: Devops Ritual For Cloud Management". Is include live demo of devops mating ritual.
I apply for job analyst for Forrester Research. I am turn down. They say I have too much actual of experience so my BS threshold too low.
@randybias is OK watch your presentation of compute in cloud if I ride on camel? Is bumpy ride in both case yes?
Startup CEO has motto for secret product "Build it and they come". Is from famous football film of U S and A. Is also why need porn star.
If it walk like duck and quack like duck then is probably work in QA.
We hire porn star for Almaty startup. Azamat is in charge interview.
@antonyfalco very true. Azamat is know in startup as pole dancer, no ninja or guru.
@michaelneale @paul_okeeffe @daksis @engineyard is like mood of twitter dictate stock market. Same with my mention dictate VC valuation.
@GeorgeReese I specify hot womans not hot mans.
@GeorgeReese I am able chat with 100 hot womans at same time. Is because of devops.
Yahoo is focus on Hadoop, is change name to Yahoop, is outsource search to Bing by IE plugin.
Congrat to OpenStack for Boxer release! I deploy local, is work very good, only 1 segfault per 5 minute. I LIKE!
Law of Cloud Availability: 2+2=5. Is because is always 1 failure so it is go back to 4.
Great news! After Amazon announce support Oracle in cloud, Microsoft compete immediate by support MS Access in Azure!
@KrisBuytaert yes! They have lot of experience internally, want to expose it via cloud.
@KrisBuytaert I have chance of leave world of open source, Microsoft is try hard hire me for Azure cloud work. They like idea of CaaS.
Azamat is launch CaaS - Crap as a Service. Send broken hardware in mail and he recycle then he launch crappy cloud instance instead.
If use CloudBees, make sure not fall in CloudHoneypot!
Not forget! 15 of february is IPv6 International Day! All IPv4 address are replace with IPv6. Is very easy with sed.
@krishnan not necessary excuse. I full understand of your argumentation. Correct form is "Krishna bless you".
@RobotDeathSquad I know you are also have 127.0.0.1. Not mess of me or I send ping of death to it!
I manage of obtain last IPv4 address 255.255.255.255! I trade for healthy camel if you have interest!
@tnm I have call from Tricia Helfer. She want be @banksimple customer. You want?
@schuyler @DBAHULK yes I like MongoDB durability for 1 server very much. Is finally have feature of SQLite.
After reduce Big Data to Small Data, Azamat is generate Big Data again by MapIncrease technique. Is good for statistic you need show boss.
Azamat is continue turn Big Data in Small Data by one database drop at a time. He is tell me 'Is feel good man!'
I build new product is IPv6 as a Service. I call Web 4.0 is not interoperable of Web 1.0/2.0/3.0. Is fresh start!
@GeorgeReese we are same age! I hurt back in college 1989 when carry VAX computer down stair! I tell you good story over vodka one day.
@daveasprey yes, I like sexytime with IaaS too! @wattersjames is say PaaS is like KamaSutra though!
@daveasprey @cloudsig you are welcomed. Is good see you like cloud very much. You like IaaS or Paas or Saas?
I have sick and tired of Cloud every day. Is anybody see Sun recently?
@daveasprey very amazing! We distribute cloud across PCs too in Kazakhstan! Is only Windows, failure rate 80%.
News! HP is enter cloud market! Is call "HP Portable Cloud", is run 3 flavor of instance, all on tablet: Android, WebOS and Windows.
Amazon conquer online shop and cloud. Now they go after electricity producer with new AWS SEX service (Simple Electricity eXtractor)!
@seancribbs @markimbriaco is true I like devs and ops but most I LIKE SEXYTIME!
I work on long blog post of advantages of SQLite compare of Riak. Are under rated local database.
@GeorgeReese @vambenepe so agent is turn IaaS in PaaS correct? Is genius GeorgeReese!
I explain recursion to Azamat. Is simple example: GNU stand for GNU!
@wattersjames you and me, front of computer, see who is wins! You can also of blind fold me.
@vvuksan 'gem install vmc' /cc @wattersjames
@JonCrawford Azamat is able increase RoR performance 100x by port to cloud.
@vvuksan is why you need buy support from Rackspace! Is freemium model.
I read advance copy of new O'Reilly Perl 6 book. Is also know as 'the jackalope book'.
Congrat for Puppet and Chef is tie for product of year in searchdatacenter! Adoption rate for each is 1% in enterprise!
Happy Appreciating Day of Community Managers! I congratulation Azamat for manage community project codename "get69"!
@ppadron genkuie gimd information, I try convince Azamat contribute!
I write new distributed self heal database. Is name GitDB, is keep every record in Git and all user end with local copy! Is fault tolerance!
Azamat just drop production DB no backup. Is lucky is all in cloud, he tell customer in cloud you not own your data!
I just finish port Visual Basic/ MS Access application to Azure cloud. Is seem slower but I am sure is scale much better.
@wattersjames your partner is need see me when I strip tease you!
@peteskomoroch @adamnash @strlen in startup we not use Rambo architecture for EC2, we use Conway game of life. Strongest node survive!
@rightscale @michaelcrandell very good list of myth for cloud. You forget #0: cloud is not help you get laid.
@wattersjames I say PaaS is for a noob but Kazakhstan govt like PaaS! I go with flow. When I am able try VMWare PaaS?
@swardley I try write something for you then of how cloud is really just utility computing.
@jamesgolick why use f word? You like VMWare?
Is true VMWare PaaS service is name ElasticVapor?
@swardley am not sure what you say. Devops is to dev and ops what is cloud to virtualization.
@swardley @wattersjames is true cloud reduce spendings! In Kazakhstan government fire all IT person minus 2 devops. Is all ElasticBeanstalk.
@jamesgolick I not get why you say vCloud of @wattersjames is vaporware. We use it all of time for negative test. Best uptime is 41 minute.
@randybias is fun! At startup in Almaty we do same for EC2 instances every on Friday.
@mccrory @wattersjames I get! IaaS+devops=PaaS and PaaS+salesguys=SaaS.
@wattersjames chef solo is like puppet in my hand.
@wattersjames @derekcollison genkuie! One question on PaaS and IaaS. Are both for devops, only PaaS is for no clue and IaaS is for guru yes?
I not trust cloud companies from U S and A very much. All have their cloud made in China.
Devops do it 24x7.
@mperham I hear of that film but not see. Is forbid in Kazakhstan, is show too many scrotums.
I watch interesting film on Kazakhstan television tonight on origin of American Scrodeo.
@georgevhulme for Azamat is private cloud stay up only if use Viagra.
Azamat is busy with rewrite of Internet in node.js.
@randybias I predictor Oracle cloud will grow 100x in year 2011 (is at 0 now)
@michaelbolton I always reject of your argument but I make surely I do in proper context.
I like new continual integrations product from Oracle codename Jenkina. Means woman in Russian, is good for integrate continual.
Microsoft is launch ergonomic tablet of Windows 8. Ctrl+alt+del function is at simple touch of 1 button.
Azamat is tell me Facebook user can not able change lightbulb if lightbulb is not friend of user.
@joedamato you are seem like a jacass kind of the guy: java + c + assembly
10 cloud expert to follow in 2011: @swardley
Azamat #lessambitiousmovies
@nilmethod is not lateral, is up move, I congratulate! Make of sure you port all infrastructure to cloud, then you can able retire rich
Azamat new resolution for 2011 is start opsdev user group in Kazakhstan. He say devops is very 2010.
All cloud expert agree 2011 is year of public or private or hybrid cloud.
Chinese horoscope is tell us 2011 is year of RabbitMQ.
I have 3 resolution for year 2011: 1)build private cloud of OpenStack and sell to Rackspace; 2)read all WikiLeaks on Oracle; 3)learn Perl 6
I am look forward for lot of shit of horse about cloud in 2011. It will be very good if compare to shit of bull in 2010.
Is good news! Kazakhstan government is buy delicious from US company Yahoo! Is change usage to web site dedicate for sheep kebab recipe.
Is season of give and receive. Is why I have warm heart for spirit of OpenBSD community!
WikiLeaks in year 2011: 1) Oracle is in actuality own by Microsoft; 2) Apple is launch iJava; 3) Zuck is 27-year old virgin
@mikebrittain is nice graph. We have similarity in Almaty startup for track vodka we drink together with release. Strong correlation.
@mccrory Akka is Cloud 4. Not at there yet.
In #devops we only use Cloud 3 language: Scala, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell.
I am excite of database.com announce from Salesforce. I build addon for migration of all legacy database. Is call dropdatabase.com.
@tnm @ericflo genkuie link of justopenasocket.com. Is very very fast web site! Is run on node.js yes? You know if is run UDP or TCP?
@zachbonham @solarce is very easy automate deployment on Windows. Only have need of format C drive and install Linux at first.
Groupon is in Almaty Kazakhstan too. They take local variant of name, is call Hardon.
@arosien you like?
@vambenepe in Kazakhstan university foreign TA take class on grow mustache and increase virility.
Is good Russia have 8 year of prepare for host football World Cup. Enough time for migrate from Windows NT Server 3.5.
Azamat wife is call me Don Quixote of #devops and Azamat my Sancho Panza. I like I fight all windmill of cloud!
@swardley genkuie. In my country we feed biscuit to donkey. I bring roast sheep and vodka, you bring copy of 1968 book of utility computing.
@jamesurquhart you are correct. Many James and George in cloud expert name. Correct is @georgevhulme (we call him also "the great" here)
In Kazakhstan we have cloud thank you day for great expertise of @swardley @wattersjames @georgereese @jamesurquhart @jamesvhulme @beaker.
@roidrage is time for you build own AWS dashboard. Please use distributed selfheal nosql database of your expertise.
10 things of thank you for #devops: Linux, Turbo C, gcc, Perl, Visual Basic, emacs, memcache, EC2, iPhone and DHH.
@botchagalupe why you ban me of your tweet stream? My horse is your horse, today my roast sheep is your roast sheep.
@jamesgolick is prove best #devops are in Kazakhstan region. I put bet you have ancestor here.
In #devops we have lot of things for give thank you. Is long list for 140 characters but Oracle own them in current or future.
@joe262_ camel in Kazakhstan is symbol of manly programmer with big mustache like Larry Wall.
We have Day of Thank You too in Kazakhstan. We eat stuffing sheep and are happy our country invented camel.
@ieure I have of same problem with git. I finally learn how to pork correctly.
You know mindmap? Use arrow and circle for right brain. I use for decide is MySQL or Postgres better. All arrow point one circle say ORACLE!
@wattersjames please come visit in Kazakhstan for 1 week! We treat you as king! I also teach you how build private cloud by uae OpenStack!
I have great idea of business! I roll own AMI with install of OpenStack and I build cheap private cloud inside EC2!
@kallistec is depend on how big is your PXE.
Is true! Oracle is buy AWS. They need private cloud for all other company they buy.
@DeMarko @Etsy genkuie comment. I like very much in special the /drop/prod/db API!
New @etsy REST API is allow anybody for push @etsy latest code to production! I LIKE! Is hard limit for now of 10 deploy per day.
Is good Facebook is use own technology HBase for message. I read they look at Apache Cassandra and didn't like.
@ShlomoSwidler advice from me is read @wattersjames tweet, is better of @AWS_GlobalPR
@wattersjames congrats of very good blog post. One question: v in vCloud is for vaporware, yes?
You know you are a good #devops when she is say "tweet me, tweet me hard!"
I am bet IBM is buy Apache Foundation before Oracle.
@strlen I am guess you spend extra hour on functional program of Clojure. You are need of life.
@ieure step 3 is have lot of sexytime.
@marick @ronjeffries also in Kazakhstan we are able give second chance to all disgrace leader of Agile Scrum Alliance.
@marick @ronjeffries very nice of diagrams! High five for explain how transition of Extreme Programming to Scrum Alliance!
@michaelneale Azamat is plan fight of naked with Larry Ellison in Oracle board meeting next.
@swardley also small word advisory for your tweetings: need be more of Chekhov less of Tolstoy.
@swardley we are on same length of waves. I send you 1/2 of sheep in mail soon.
@roidrage in different word you are jack of all distribute systems yes?
@swardley you are true. Better example is in my country anybody can able have sheep. Is cheese the difference of high ordering.
@btmerr is not irony, cloudcamp.org is use SpotCloud for buy unuse capacity of home PC. I am bet they are now use Azamat Windows ME PC.
Is nice that Oracle is now offer free MySQL Lite edition with use BDB instead of InnoDB. Is still Web scale yes?
@blueben not worry is for Big Data analysis of kangaroo mating habit. Goal is find out if risque position result in better offspring.
@BankSimple genkuie info. You like postgres shard?
@MatStace you are an insult to my intelligence. I am very well know Cassandra is a bitch, not DB, not graph.
In Kazakhstan is Sarah Palin very popular. She is know as 'mama donkey'.
@wattersjames I am not understand complete. You present on chef server? I send you half a goat soon.
Is Sarah Palin new president of U S and A?
@wattersjames not worry if you not make to #cloudcamp. Nobody is interest in vcloud.
In Kazakhstan we are watch election result in U S and A very close. We are want Steve Jobs win. He is promise iPad for every children.
Great success! U S and A has crush U S and A in final of World Series of baseball!
@adrianco Kazakhstan government is already use SpotCloud for sell access to home PC of asshole Uzbeks. Is same as cloud only WinXP.
If 1) @BankSimple is use Riak and 2) @fast_ip is use Riak then 3) What NoSQL product is Azamat use? Can not able tell, is secret.
I am hope U S and A is win World Series of baseball tonight.
Friend in U S and A is tell me he is watch World Series in baseball. U S and A is in final, yes? Which is the other country?
In Kazakhstan all #devops have it of 13".
#devops: when you are have sexytime, not forget put chef hat on puppet!
In Kazakhstan for Halloween is tradition for #devops wear costume of Adam.
@sippndipp node.js is a shit. In Kazakhstan we are use MS Project for Gantt chart. Is very good for 5-year plans.
@botchagalupe close but for no cigar.
@botchagalupe if you are so good detective, say me second letter of my realistic twitter id.
@botchagalupe is hard fly from Almaty Kazakhstan to U S and A. I buy you vodka when you come organize #devops meetup here!
@bpiatt genkuie mention. I am love #devops very much, is true, and #devops is love me back. Azamat is call me the 69 of #devops.
@swardley @jamesurquhart you are very true. Cloud also mean need use NoSQL.
@swardley you find my secret! Yes, I am work for Kazakhstan government, we are use combination OracleOnDemand, vCloud and NetApp. I LIKE!
@swardley I am full agree. OpenStack is rapidly become the heart attack of cloud market.
You know pillar in strips clubs where naked womans rotate? In #devops we are call it 'bare metal'.
Not forget scrodeo in Almaty Kazakhstan 9 PM tomorrow! Is scrotum tie to saddle of bull and time how long it stay attach! Fun #devops!
Where Riak Basho is go, Kazakhstan government is follow: Git and Hub! Is will be of painful transition from RCS.
I like Firesheep very much. You know is make of Kazakhstan programmer? He is also work on IE extension codename DeathDonkey.
I am see Jackass 3D in Almaty filmplex. Is very good. Is like program in node.js.
@joedamato is true we have very hot womans in Soviet Union. If you are from U S and A you can pick any you like.
@pharkmillups YOU WIN ME! In Kazakhstan is Riak Basho very popular nosql product. Is on all OLPC laptop for childrens.
@botchagalupe if #iamnotfoolingyou, what is 2nd letter in of my true twitter id?
@botchagalupe good presentation on Agile Enterprise DevOps Lean NoSQL Web Scale Planning And Cloud! How many engineer write slides for you?
@agilemeister see of confusion? Is why in Kazakhstan kanban never very popular, is many confuse of wild boar.
@souders you are a very stud for run own mail server in 2010.
@agilemeister I have miss you too. How is kanban process go? I am try teach Azamat kanban, he keep say kaban, is mean wild boar.
@alex_gaynor is very good 2 ponies! In Kazakhstan we are call it threesome.
@alex_gaynor you are choose pink pony yes?
CAP theorem is like marriage. 1) You have hot wife. 2) Wife is want sex. 3) You are of a stud. Need choose 2, can not able have all 3.
You are have cloud problem. You install #openstack. Now you have twisted run. Now you have N problem, of N can not able be comprehended.
If you are #devops and are work more of 1 hour / day you are do it wrong! You are need more automation! #devops_borat_manifesto
@Justin_Lauer I LIKE! Tandem+Vertica is pussy magnet too.
Good news!Kazakhstan govt run Tandem+Vertica!Azamat human error is easy fix of simply failover to replica in transactionally consistent way!
Help! Azamat is just type database equivalent of  RM * and is cause global outage! Is no possibility of continuing operation.
@b6n is my life very influence by http://bit.ly/9ECtwp
Azamat is work with @b6n on new application is call RouteRoulette. Is random show photo of router where IP packet is go through.
Kazakhstan govt is buy OLPC laptop to every children in country! Is of attempt for get them not use iPhone 4 all day.
@holman Azamat say huge penis you saw on Facelette was of him.
I am love my job. I am whip #devops in submission.
@mongo_machine please make of sure save presentation on USB drive.
@ShitMyDevOpSays is very good see you back. You have French 2-month vacation?
It is almost year 2011. Stop have company with cloud in name. Good startup name is like DevOpsTechSoftIndustries.
@vambenepe we are have many opening in Almaty startup for open source #devops. You are work for Oracle so I am need use influence personal.
@vambenepe you are win me. I am a French living in Kazakhstan and of wish I live in U S and A on Left Coast.
@jacobian is very good of see you are #devops specialist too. I am bet you are use Ruby on Rails very much + cloud.
@botchagalupe you are full of a horse shit. You are have no idea of my identification.
@patrickdebois you are very good detective. One another clue: I have attend zero conference in your list.
@patrickdebois you have real job too or you are only for involvement in #devopsdays?
@HonzaKral is bulls shit, in your country is camel only in zoological garden. Come to real country Kazakhstan where men have long mustache.
@joestump I am very agree. In my country at same age are childrens riding camel.
@ieure is quality not quantity. Is also of what she say.
I have question: is A of type personality come from Asshole?
@samlaing @testobsessed @rwbrown @lisacrispin is good definition of Done. I only add 'if you not think about it, is going bite you in ass'.
@ribalba is good news for you. Startup in Almaty Kazahkstan is hire PhD in Software Systems! Only position available is janitor for moment.
@rjurney for more #devops you need grow them one of a time. Start of have devs and ops have sex more in often.
@botchagalupe is not possible know who I am. Only way is buy favor of twitter ops for look inside their nosql db.
Kicking donkey.
Congratulation @orionvmjoseph of are my 1,001 follower! I am give you nickname Sheherazade.
@botchagalupe is not as easy as you are think of the guess. You are of mistake I am sure.
Dev. Test. Ops. Choose of 2. If have 3, you win me.
@patrickdebois is not about talk of #devops, is about do of #devops. #zen
Is saying we have in #devops: what is happen in the cloud is stay in the cloud. Is why I am work on cloud interoperable standard.
@takeo @KirinDave in my country we not call 'Garfield' party, we cal 'pussy' party.
@umsondo is must be good what you smoke.
Name is Borat. Devops Borat.
In my country is developer have as many woman as he know programming language. Is why we are have very great #devops.
@joedamato are you visit Almaty Kazakhstan too? I am promise I am arrange of you final get laid.
@georgevhulme in Kazakhstan is consider do follow friday as if you are lame donkey.
@pkhamre is not question if I make to #devopsdays, is question if #devopsdays make to me.
You show of what animal book you are read, I show of which way you fail of web scale.
@littleidea in my country is anybody over 24 year old can cloud. Is start learn with radioactive Chernobyl cloud.
This is true story, is show Kazakhstan cow the best: http://jakepoz.com/soviet_debugging.html
#newtwitter is a shit if use Firefox 3.0. Yes, in my country is very popular browser. Can not able see how many letter is left from 140!
@zedshaw very nice article of Long Beard revenge. In my country we call Long Mustache, is sign of manhood and knowledge of cloud.
@joedamato we are need urbanism cultural learning in Almaty Kazakhstan. You are willing travel? We pay as of king.
@b6n @peakscale @watterjames genkuie for twitter conversationalist. I have now cloud strategy base on it: "use N+1 clouds".
@mperham voldemort is sound as very bad cursing in Kazakh language. But I am willing look if you say is web scale.
@joestump in Kazakhstan is role very clear: VP of Eng is pay at prostitute and CTO is doing of actual penetration. Same in U S and A?
@ieure genkuie. I am follow you too. You have a good taste for photographics of anus and khram.
@zedshaw is play guitar with hat main source of funding for mongrel2?
I am need super fast web scale store of data. I am not accept shard and I am not like of Japan name.
I am work in project for Kazakhstan govt on better routing protocol. Is base on observe camel route in desert. Code name @fast_ip_camel.
I am work on discover character of person by look at twitter followings. I use cloud, AI, NoSQL, kanban. I have goal of sell to AOL.
If you are not use lean kanban ShuHaRi JustInTime agile process, you are hole in anus of technology.
@srogalsky is good you use kanban, is very promising technology for web scale. For eat own dog food I recommend Pepsi Cola, is make go easy.
@jmckenty you are best friend I have in great Canada country. Call of me when you want visit great country of Kazakhstan.
@obfuscurity is picture of yourself? Is called drags yes? I have English bad.
I am never use Windows, but when I am have to, I use OpenBSD. #mostinterestingmanintheworld
@postwait I receive invite for Gartner ITxpo, but I am ask them what CIO actually do and they revoke invite! CIO is charge of backup yes?
iCar also is have playlist chose by Apple, can not able change. Is very good, is of collaborate with Disney Radio.
I am not get all the Google R/C hyper. I am try prototype of Apple iCar, is drive itself, need only download software of iTunes first.
I am hear OpenStack is free of launch 20 instance, then need pay. Is make sense, how else compete of Amazon.
Wa wa wee wa! Google is buy Toyota! I am drive Prius in Kazakhstan, is nice fuel of donkey manure.
@jamesgolick of which fetish is matz like it best?
I have much worried of @ShitMyDevOpSays. No tweet for one month! Maybe he is sell his twitter account to AOL?
Not forget go at AOL Disrupt next year! Keynote of Jason Calacanis of detail how food was steal from his children mouth.
I am notice best NoSQL product start of R: Redis, Riak and @Ryah.
Main lesson of #surgecon: if you measure, it scale. So reverse is true, yes? If not scale, no need measure.
@KirinDave I like twitter avatar of you. You are give name Goldilocks in #simplebank team?
I am hear node.js is best NoSQL product. Is true?
@ramsey genkuie follow. Is Moontoast same as show naked anus while have drink at wedding?
I am also miss gay pink pony emblem of #djangocon. Maybe of next year I meet him.
Friend is tell me biggest news while I was in vacation is TechCrunch guy is steal money from mouth of children of Mahalo guy. Is true?
@michaelahale we have webops conference in Kazakhstan similar #surgecon. Is like hole in ass of devops conferences.
I am very fortune to be #devops. Even more fortune to have new twitter.
@argv0 genkuie. Why have change twitter icon? Was very a handsome before.
#surgecon was great success! I am hope everybody enjoy my keynote. I was a disguise as @allspaw.
I am take much need vacationing. Hold forts of Internet!
@dmz006 CloudAudit is standard body for 6 Asses API. Look on cloudaudit.org for detail. Is very easy understand, is nothing there.
@georgevhulme @GeorgeReese good news! We are implement CloudAudit for Kazakhstan govt private cloud. We are start with A #4: ASSES
Law of the elastic: in #devops is nothing as hard as can not be solve with 25 more cloud instance.
In #devops first goal is build character. Is why we observe manly rule "Fail Hard": if is worth failing, is worth failing hard.
@kchodorow is true rumor CouchDB team is contribute durability layer to MongoDB codename FinallySleepWellAtNight?
@kchodorow you know we deploy MongoDB autoshard for Kazakhstan govt? Is work 90% time but some time is create shard for asshole Uzbeks.
In #devops we are always seek efficiency ruthless. Is because it is allow us have more sexytime. Is not possible if use Windows though.
Not forget next week DevCampAstana! We are work on new distributed NoSQL codename Haiku. One thing sure is going to be C base.
@xagile you are confuse. You not need puny microwave oven in 1st place. Is need think big as industrial forge. Is how empire is win.
@GeorgeReese you are remind me of geraldo, kazakhstan version.
@moonpolysoft is right. This devops_shit_cloud_borat_evangelist thing is get old. I am think retire while on top.
@Beaker I am not able parse reply from you. You take drug?
In Kazakhstan #devops training is like military. First need get humiliated broken spirit by use Windows, then become real man of Unix.
@bitfield genkuie info on why puppet is best. One question: how many server you deployed with puppet vs chef?
@Beaker as Cisco/cloud expert you predict Cisco buy VMWare or VMWare buy Cisco? I need know for Kazakhstan govt cloud strategy.
@michaelbolton is good then. Make sure all server are happy like that. If need job after we have many opening in Astana.
@michaelbolton you are not #devops if think metrics not legitimate on own. Try ask server why it is think CPU 100% not good for itself.
In Kazakhstan we not use foursquare/gowalla/facebook places because is go against old tradition of use dog urine when check in new place.
@obfuscurity @bitfield is easy comparison chef vs. puppet. Chef is use Ruby turing complete language; puppet is use puppet.
Less know truth of programming: is not matter if use events or threads. Database is bottleneck.
@planetclaire9 yes I am volunteer party organize at #agile2011. I hear men take off pants at #agile2010. Is shame! Why not womans too???
@martiboheme and Kazakh good language for #devops. As example Django is means cunning gypsy in Kazakh language.
Less know truth of programming: if you never program in C are jump direct to Java is like you never learn cook you only heat microwave.
@mperham in Kazakhstan neckbeard is only for show sign manhood. Of Unix skill we have 1 day of prove how implement Apache in bash.
@obfuscurity you try already password p@$$w0rd? Is use of default in all Unix server setup of @opscode.
@mattokeefe you are use battery as metaphor for left testicle yes?
Less know truth of programming: all good programmer is use C in his 20, Lisp in his 30 and have Ferrari and hot wife at 40.
Less know truth of programming: laptop heat of CPU is make you impotent. Azamat is suffer of it. Solution is use cloud all time.
Diaspora team is have PHP/SQLite prototype allow you add 3 friend before crash. They are hire me scale to cloud. Goal for 2011 is 30 friend.
One good thing of #devops: is all culture. Everybody can able do it, is not need technical background.
In Kazakhstan Oracle license is easy, is depend how many OS you kill. Is 1 Oracle Ent. license for 50 Windows or 100 Linux or 1000 Android.
@vambenepe of http://is.gd/esk52 : you are second after @strlen tell me go fuck myself. Is not nice!
@ezmobius @roidrage for lots cloud capacity use Central Asia region Kazakhstan + Uzbekistan. Friend @GeorgeReese has entratus cloud there.
@vambenepe genkuie reveal Oracle strategy of all OS must die in cloud. What you suggest we use?
@fxlv genkuie follow! I am have many friend in Tallinn Latvia!
@gyehuda genkuie explain Hadoop in 1/2 tweet. Compute-grid technology is Beowulf yes? You need cloud or NoSQL for Hadoop?
How many OpenSolaris user is take now to change lightbulb? Is lucky is 1 user left in world! @bcantrill
Bad news! Is not possible implement dtrace on Windows. Microsoft is say is constitute sexual harassment.
In NoSQL evaluation I do for Kazakhstan govt is very close race between Redis of Basho and CouchDB of 10gen.
@atmos congrat! When you are hand lemon, drinkup lemonade!
@vambenepe not set hope too high
They laughed when I sat down to learn #openstack. But when I started to implement private/hybrid/public cloud!
@gbarrancos you must not be #devops if say not fuck with production. Is what we do all day. Sometime it is fuck back.
@GeorgeReese I am understand now what is hybrid cloud! Is when run out of space in rack at data center and expand in enstratus yes?
In #devops is no shame to be idempotent.
@gyehuda so for serious question: what yahoo studs I need follow on twitter?
@gyehuda I am not surprise you ask about how get brand recognition. After all you work for Yahoo.
@antonyfalco I am some sad you find @strlen tweet more funny of mine. I am think is not about me though, is about you.
@strlen is good you clarify.So you are tell me go fuck myself.Is good I have #devopsdraft team can do any thing.You know cloud or NoSQL?
@strlen I am confuse.You say I need implement distributed memoization Y-comb in Erlang?Or you just say I need go fuck myself?
I work on Facehunchdora.com.Is only allow you choose friend if other users like that person.Can only listen music your friends listen to.
@gyehuda genkuie is good know you are strangely attracted to me.
@al3x I am available devops work for your stud team of @banksimple. Email devopsborat _at_ yahoo _dot_ com. I work for very few money.
@swardley when expert add itself on directories is like have sexytime with itself no?
Cloud fallacy #7: network diagram is easy is create by itself http://bit.ly/9YwNJ8
@vambenepe I am actual read all blog post. So you not know how add user/computer in Active Directory and you need MS manage for you yes?
@davidajbagley I am not go there.
@davidajbagley genkuie follow. Wa wa wee wa you are CEO enstratus where @GeorgeReese CTO! In U S and A is CEO boss CTO around or reverse?
Azamat is still work on Kaban script language. Is now supporting new program construct call gonads. Is guaranteed if use you get laid.
@swardley I not have time for convert diagram into slide. I have need work for living, I am not yet Cloud Expert Consultant.
@GeorgeReese hybrid cloud is mix is what I was suspect. Then is easy roll out by install openstack everywhere yes? Is enstratus support it?
@GeorgeReese YOU LIKE? If you can offer advice hybrid cloud I would like enhance it.
@vambenepe I enjoy your blog post on Mesopotamia. One correction: Microsoft is not Singapore, is Kazakhstan of cloud computing.
Not forget send fan mail to devopsborat _at_ yahoo _dot_ com. I &lt;3 YAHOO!
@GeorgeReese http://bit.ly/bNWRC4
@swardley also please feed back cloud rollout diagram, is also base on your work http://bit.ly/bNWRC4
@GeorgeReese before go sleep please feed back cloud rollout diagram. Is base on your work.
I have create only cloud rollout process diagram you ever need. Please feedback! http://bit.ly/bNWRC4
@philiph is pity you are not travel of train system in Kazakhstan. Are many adorable nomad couple here wear nothing play sexytime game.
@swardley you are confuse me. Of course cloud is like virtual data center! Is only difference you can not able see rack & press power off.
@cdixon we have old Kazakhstan expression for techie not in sports: http://bit.ly/8dsEG
@shandrew I not know @kingjames but I need take Decision because 7 Almaty startup are want hire me. I announce on Kazakhstan TV Friday.
#devopsdraft for Angel VC I take @cdixon !
After much sexytime with it, all cloud is same.
@swardley not need camel in U S and A. If we win we are get 1 Ferrari each and 1/2 day of Pamela Anderson. You are in yes?
@swardley good news! I have pick you for team BORAT in #devopsdraft as Cloud Expert Consultant. Assignment is give BS advice opposite team.
@jamesgolick in our startup we make joke of code swallows exception silently we say it blows.
@GeorgeReese we are not need enstratus in Kazakhstan, we are build private cloud #openstack. We can able use help budget if you are around.
#devopsdraft team BORAT! Please make prepare for take on team @banksimple as warmup. Should be nobrainer!
@garnaat genkuie follow. Please make sure start train. I am pick you during #devopsdraft at Cloud position.
@ShitMyDevOpSays is clear you are not grow up in Soviet Republic. "Under contract of govt" is mean you need bribe more.
#devopsdraft at Rewrite Twitter API I take @al3x !
I am blow away nobody is pick @allspaw at #devopsdraft yet. I pick him CTO !
#devopsdraft @ShitMyDevOpSays is not possible you take @b6n. He is under contract of Kazakhstan government.
#devopsdraft at Cloud Expert Consultant $1,250/hr I take @swardley !
#devopsdraft at CFO budgeting I take @GeorgeReese !
@ShitMyDevOpSays #devopsdraft game is team rewrite twitter site and make it scale no fail whale.
#devopsdraft at manual testing I take @michaelbolton !
#devopsdraft at Web Testing I take @hugs !
#devopsdraft at Configuration Mgmt I take @adamhjk and @puppetmasterd for pair program !
#devopsdraft at VP Engineering I take @ShitMyDevOpSays !
#devopsdraft at Cloud Standards I take @vambenepe !
#devopsdraft at Django + janitorial I take @tnm8 !
#devopsdraft at RoR I take @defunkt !
#devopsdraft at NoSQL I take @antirez !
#devopsdraft at Cloud position I take @garnaat !
ATTENTION DEVOPS! Draft of devops fantasy league open! Who are you take at NoSQL position? Cloud? RoR? Django? Config mgmt? CTO?
@patrickdebois you are fun man speak in riddle. I am understand you use OpenVZ.
@michaelbolton in devops is either intelligent or hilarious. I have none but I am rich.
@patrickdebois what you use to ship deployment instruction as code? I am teach Azamat always create clean sandbox before install: rm -rf /
@michaelbolton you are read me like book.
@banksimple devops team: 1)lots sexytime due new status stud; 2)less sexytime due API design meeting;3)no sexytime due production launch
@ShitMyDevOpSays you win me. I need stop tweet learn more.
@ShitMyDevOpSays is good see you tweet again. Continuous deployment is take a lot of time yes?
@michaelbolton is true. I am behave idiot with woman devops.
@freebsdgirl good know. I invite you to balloon ride soon, not need any laptop.
@michaelbolton I accept apology. I was suprise find DM from you but honor at same time. What is context test say on incident?
Congrat new @banksimple #devops stud! I am think somebody pick your team tomorrow for #devops fantasy league draft. You need branch Astana?
@freebsdgirl wa wa wee wa! I am now convince FreeBSD user! You are rock! One question: is run FreeBSD in cloud? I need.
@tnm8 you have nice surprise from me tomorrow. You will like.
@vambenepe you need use @BankSimple API for get user name password. Is available soon. Is use OAuth too.
@freebsdgirl is OK if I donate to OpenBSD foundation? Is FreeBSD only more better developer and good security, yes?
DEVOPS NOT FORGET! Tomorrow is start devops star fantasy league! I get choose first in draft.
@tnm8 is latency from U S and A to my country.
Test #6 for fail of Open Source project: network code is like mongrel2 is only work on localhost.
@philiph genkuie aim for please. In agile I am learn is user feedback very important. Are which tweet bore you?
@obfuscurity friendly in Kazakhstan is only some sexytime but more hold hands.
I was very surprise when friend Igor Sysoev call tell me nginx in Russian language is mean F U ZED. Is true?
I am think join good nice Open Source project. Is true OpenBSD is have friendly leader tight group developer?
@randybias we have legend in devops when RAM stick is fail we put under pillow and cloud fairy is make server self heal until morning.
@allspaw genkuie reply, is honor. Is not look count with lady, is #devops Stud factor. I am maybe 6.5 of 10, you are 11.
@vcloudinsdr is true I get very excite of puppet/chef/cfengine3/bcfg2. You need try some time. You work in cloud yes?
@VanessaAlvarez1 genkuie I like meet you too. We not have hottie infrastructure girl in Kazakhstan. What conference are you attend?
I am hope you not do backup to tape anymore. We are use disk backup on all server. Each #devops is wear designer USB stick necklace.
For Kazakhstan govt disaster recovery we have 2 private cloud different area geography each self heal each other. Is like 69 in the cloud.
@cscotta we offer hosting very cheap in Kazakhstan. Start at $1/month. Use cloud so we still make lot money.
@GeorgeReese genkuie info on windows of enstratus. Is explain why all population asshole Uzbeks are work as sysadmin enstratus.
I am busy learn R. Is new NoSQL. I hear chick are dig it.
@cscotta is interested you are mention mongodb.I have wet dream of it last night with autosharding and self heal.Is better of couchdb yes?
@mgodave is good you have at least devops humor read all day.
@agilinajulie genkuie follow. I am look forward do some extreme program with you.
@tnm8 HIGH FIVE! Now is time go back RESTFUL API. Azamat is study REST here is iron rule: not use verb in URL.
@tnm8 what it matter RESTFUL or not. Step back look big picture. You have sexytime with @triciahelfer? Is what matter.
Cloud #devops ideal: "Sitting quietly, doing nothing, launch comes, and the infrastructure grows by itself"
@fitnessblowout genkuie follow. Why your branch in Astana is call @fitnessblowjob? I not understand U S and A jargon.
@lnxchk so is true linux chicks are dig @allspaw!
Clone horse startup is use latest technology as Parallel Lisp in cloud. No need database code is data and data is code.
I am consult for new startup in Astana is in clone horse industry. Goal is obtain White Horse directly of mare (1/2 milk of mare 1/2 vodka)
If you work on cloud good self help exercise is repeat 10 times at morning "I can teach @swardley some thing today" (in true you will not)
Self help exercise for #devops: at morning look mirror say 10 times "I can be like @allspaw".
@tnm8 never of mind. I tell @triciahelfer follow you, she is just did it. You are owe me of big time.
@ohlol is joke funny in U S and A? In Kazakhstan joke is dirty. Is like yak guy shave himself and drink coffee have sexytime with cougar.
@CloudCEO I would be honor. Meat of bear is suppose be so strong aphrodisiac is make all your cloud instance stay up forever.
@ohlol not have idea but I like good riddle. Is why?
@CloudCEO genkuie. I mean ask forgot: you are brother of Nugent guitar star? Is very famous in Kazakhstan like Engelbert Humperdink.
@vambenepe sorry I not understand jargon. We eat peanut dip in milk of mare. Is good aphrodisiac.
@ohlol you are need more cultural learning. Apple, peanut and coffee first grow Kazakhstan steppe. Also yak and cougar.
@tnm8 eat heart out: newest follower of Stud from Kazakhstan is @triciahelfer. What you pay for me allow you DM her?
Launch cloud instance is like eat peanut: test how strong will of stop you have.
Be master of cloud not be mastered by cloud. #devops #chef #puppet
Before continuous deployment: chop wood, carry water. After continuous deployment: chop wood, carry water. Only stop if Nagios alert.
@corbinbs high five! You use continuous deployment?
@lisacrispin for keep donkey picture in Kazakhstan we are use USB thumb or Flickr. I can able send Azamat for show how.
@sergiosalvi look at bright side. You could able been a Noracler. Wait! Maybe is can still happen!
Test #5 for fail of Open Source project: all unit test pass on local box developer, install is vomit with fail dependency everywhere else.
@mshuler high five "fauxpen source"! Are you born Europe? American reader is not get your joke.
@vambenepe is sad progress. Soon you are receive short SMS '!tonite'.
@joedamato @strlen I am confuse. Your husbands are gay?
@OpenStack genkuie follow. Is good see Open Source project not have enterprise ready in docs.
@ubuntusoren dependency is good however iron rule: # of dependency &gt; N =&gt; uninstallable
@DazWorrall glad you like puppet book. You also need read "Hell's Kitchen: Cooking With Chef" is publish Apress in November.
@tnm8 I am think I write django ORM for all NoSQL flavor. It can not able be that bad. I present on videoconference at djangocon.
@tnm8 also I am little dissapoint you write lame blog engine for django dash. Even Azamat is able do that.
@dozba all SQL company are fuck now. Is why we use NoSQL everywhere.
@GeorgeReese I am get it now. Is high need for budget automation tool. I am try write one for djangocon. Is enstratus interest sponsor work?
@tnm8 I am not care Kazakh princess. I have Tricia Helfer sexytime.
@GeorgeReese I am not use Java anymore. Not want get sued.
@tnm8 genkuie. 4 out of 10, better than nothing.
@tnm8 I am still wait for docstring exemplify.
@GeorgeReese is enstratus budget tool able put together budget too? Is hardest step. I would like automate.
@williamlouth in devops we never use single cloud, is like SPOF. When one cloud over expense limit use other with better APR.
For #devops why are we say 'Infrastructure As Code'? Is not better 'Code As Infrastructure'?
Test #4 for fail of Open Source project: free version is offer limit feature compare to paid enterprise version.
@jimshreds if you not like vi @hunch is say you also not like Unix. You are Vista user?
@obfuscurity I am definitely rule out reconnoiter. Is it even possible install?
I have question: if dev can not really able ops and ops can not really able dev, then what is devops do?
@vambenepe is good. For a moment I was thought you work for Oracle.
How much dev would a devops ops if a devops could ops dev?
@vambenepe I am confuse. Are you work for Oracle or are you sexual harass by Oracle?
I am much ask "devops_borat how can you be so fucking funny?". Is easy: I am put horse bologna in shoe so I feel funny.
Test #3 for fail of Open Source project: step of install operating system is easy part.
Test #2 for fail of Open Source project: is need install more of 5 other Open Source project as dependency.
Test #1 for fail of Open Source project: check if word "enterprise ready" is appear in docs.
@ericflo congrat servertail project. Is very useful for Kazakhstan government. I am send you login info for read logs all server in cloud.
@ericholscher I am hate rain on django dash parade but in #devops nobody read fucking docs.
I like very much milk of mare and horse meat. Is good aphrodisiac for #devops when need stay up all night. For apply Windows patch reboot.
@swardley is all of market share. Give away to take away later.
@joedamato all sister are date russian oil natural gas billionaire. #devops is a shit.
I am relieve for Azamat design decision not base his script language Kaban on JVM. He is use Parrot VM. Kaban is soon ready around 2025.
@moonpolysoft genkuie follow. Can you able prove you are not same me?
@joedamato is hard make end meet? Almaty University is offer teaching position + new mbp for all employee. Must know Ruby.
@charlottepeace is best understand my tweet when you are not on drugs. Are you same with Apple commercial stoned girl?
@lisacrispin you know donkey is like beer very much too? Donkey of Azamat is able program Ruby after drink 1 bucket beer.
Kazakhstan government is deploy new "green" cloud. Is take only 30% electricity compare traditional. Is open 9 AM - 3 PM.
@tnm8 genkuie refer Tricia Helfer. Is she girlfriend DHH?
@gevaperry genkuie follow. What advice you have for cloud enterprise software? I am think kvm, is good enough?
@tnm8 word of advice: please spare pain and just port django dash app to rails. Will be ready in 20 min.
@mperham is very easy answer: Rails + cloud = Twitter fail whale.
@allspaw if devops can not able respond to nagios alert in Kazakhstan we give impotence remedy tiger testicle in milk of mare.
@markimbriaco I am surprise you need editor visually. In devops we use ed. If lazy or tire we reach for sed awk.
@kylegato cloud in U S and A is IaaS PaaS SaaS. In Kazakhstan is DaaS. We not have information highway use Donkey instead.
In news today is JVM can not be able downloaded anymore. Is only available as iPhone app.
Also for cloud strategy apply @swardley rule of 'Nothing New Under The Sun': all of cloud is already cover in 1966 utility computing book.
When think of cloud strategy apply @GeorgeReese rule of 'They Always Come In 3s': make sure you use private cloud, or public, or hybrid.
I can not able compete @swardley and @GeorgeReese on Cloud knowledge so I am compete on price. Free consultation for anybody ask question!
@GeorgeReese I understand. Is nothing be ashame of. DHL is have local branch in Almaty, is offer good benefit.
@GeorgeReese you are world traveler as in Jules Verne book. I am only know Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan. You work for CIA?
@zedshaw please also prove @moonpolysoft is not same as me. Is annoy some people are think it.
@GeorgeReese also at Almaty Cloud conference attendee split in team for build cloud in abandon uranium mine. Is good heal all allergy.
@GeorgeReese I am invite you at Almaty conference for Cloud in Sept. Is hand on: all attend need build mini cloud. What cloud you know best?
I have theory on lactose intolerable and other allergy for devops in U S and A. Is lack of exposure to uranium radiation as Chernobyl.
@tnm8 you are good developer and good human. I repay. I send you cheese of milk of mare by post. Is not able go bad.
@tnm8 in Kazakhstan when code 24x7 is recommended milk of mare for fortify. You have in U S and A? Is best when you milk mare on own hand.
@tnm8 you have keep promise work my name in django dash yes?
@ohlol I am not blame you. ColdFusion is good solid product. Is like Perl for web frameworks. Rails is like VisualBasic.
@moonpolysoft also I can able start GitHub topic if you like.
@tnm8 I have hear Django guys are fucker flaky and not know how get requirement. I am contact Rails guys maybe they can help.
@moonpolysoft no that was all of Oracle. I am need find new topic. Have idea?
I am force boycott ex-friend Larry Ellison. No more MIG jet fighter flying, no more America Cup yachting. He is need stop behave as brat!
@moonpolysoft I hear you are start new "Oracle" plan on GitHub unlimited private repositories for Oracle if they promise not sue. Is true?
@tnm8 is done deal. See @antonyfalco for free riak enterprise license. They give away for free if Oracle promise not sue them.
@tnm8 you play ball hard in U S and A. I see what I can do. If only you need MySQL enterprise would be easy, I am friend Larry Ellison.
@tnm8 I would be honor if you could able work name DEVOPS_BORAT in your Django Dash app. I return favor somehow.
@RonJeffries is @marick was think that, not me. I am also surprise @marick is think Google is God. Could be.
@marick then at least you will be martyr, is not bad.
I am sick tire of Oracle news. Is last one then I boycott. Oracle is sue Disney due to Sleeping Beauty was use cup of Java for wake up!!!
@marick you are on slippery slope. Clojure -&gt; JVM -&gt; Oracle. You have much money to defend?
@ohlol not tell me you are power user of powershell?! In all case powershell is easy replace with ColdFusion on top JVM.
Larry Ellison is use strange words in memo to Oracle execs. Why he say 'Google is doubleplusungood"???
@ohlol is not all bad news for OS. You will still able use Windows. However next version of Windows is base JVM because Oracle is sue .NET.
@swardley I am worry you will have write of only 1 Cloud company soon. Read first words of http://bit.ly/b0qKBB - "pioneering" is keyword.
Sad news. Is no OSCON next year. Is call ORACLECON.
Oracle Ministry of Truth is want Twitter hand over my account! They want change to ORACLE_BORAT, replace Oracle with Google in all tweet!
Larry Ellison in Oracle exec training session: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-AXTx4PcKI
@a2gemma genkuie compliment. For information, on LinkedIn president Obama is accept automatic any request. He is LION 500+ connection.
Wa wa wee wa! Oracle is hire @ryah for rewrite node.js use Java green threads! I am think they sue Joyent next.
@swardley you are confuse. Is like think Cloudscale is related to Cloud. Not true!
Oracle exec training manual. Part 1. Chapter 1. "It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen."
Enough Oracle joke. Now serious research of Soviet Academy: are 3 type company in the world:1)sued by Oracle; 2)owned by Oracle;3)Oracle
Is this joke??? Larry Ellison is sue NoSQL! He is say SQL in NoSQL is belong to Oracle patent.
I have nauseated: Oracle is now compete with Facebook too. They just bought domain facepalm.com.
Wa wa wee wa! Oracle is now say they put the Java in Javascript!!!
More confusion: is not OpenStack part of Open Solaris? What is become of it then?
NOT play 'guess letter I am think' game with Larry Ellison! He is know what letter you are think: J, V and M.
Now I am very confuse. Oracle is hire @scobleizer as Java evangelist AND they sponsor @scobleizer dancing baby app in Android Market???
I am confuse. Google is now rewrite Android in Rails????
News break! Larry Ellison is give MIG fight jet to Linus Torvalds for rewrite kernel in Java.
Larry Ellison is want Oracle port Ubuntu to Solaris 11. He is say is all same fucking shit, is all run on top of JVM.
Oracle is hire like mad in Kazakhstan. They are need lots of programmer for rewrite Google in Java.
@moonpolysoft you like riak? We are build RCS Hub on riak backend and self heal wiki.
How many Open Solaris user is take change lightbulb? IS NOT FUNNY I KNOW.
Important lesson #agile2010 always use technology of Japan name. Is why I introduce Basho Riak in startup. Is also own by Oracle?
Due license cost Kazakhstan govt is port Oracle RAC cluster to SQLite. Is many full shard single user instance. Is name it SmallBigTable.
@michaelbolton for not lose data you enter, you need use cloud + self-heal NoSQL. Is easy in #devops.
I am try post twitpic is not work. They are not use cloud.
Is sweet and bitter say goodbye for #agile2010. All attendee please spread agile knowledge when go home. Is best by make sexytime.
@ShitMyDevOpSays I am full agree. Tweet is 3/4 time job for me. Soon I work for Oracle so I may need stop.
@mperham I was of impression you are suppose add 'in bed' at end of every tweet.
Wa wa wee wa!Oracle is sue Kazakhstan government!Is not Java, is due use biggest Oracle RAC cluster in world no license.Start port NoSQL!
@michelesliger genkuie trust for organize #agile2010 party of 2011.You had good sexytime for party last night?Will be 10x more next year.
Kazakhstan government has good strategy. They port all to Java, is hope get sued and then bought by Oracle. I LIKE!
#agile2010 not miss @ronjeffries talk today "When Stuck In Ha, Make Love". Is not what you are think, is on TDD.
#agile2010 congrat to alpha male for last night party! Many took pant off and had good sexytime. #lean #kanban #tantra #kamasutra
Is good on database side we have open source solution and not Oracle. For example MySQL and Berkeley DB.
Is true Oracle is also sue Ruby? What we do with Rails site? I am start port 1/2 site to yaws + 1/2 site to happs.
I have good solution for Google Oracle fight. Google is buy Oracle and is replace BigTable with Oracle RAC. Everybody is win!
@marick I am agreed. Is why I am avoid go #agile2010 in person, prefer watch talk on YouTube of safe distance.
@marick what I miss? Is @ronjeffries win @michaelbolton in naked wrestle in mud?
@jrecursive genkuie.You know Kazakhstan #6 in world as size?For put in electronic form we use WebSphere Portal.We are port to Rails/NoSQL.
Genkuie #agile2010! I am humble accept James Bach Buccaneer-Scholar Prize for "Most Bulls Shit Uttered In 4 Days". Is seem easy, is not.
@mhalligan you solved @USER1 == @USER2 problem on Twitter? Is big prize for it.
@moonpolysoft you have much time on your hand. Where you work? In Kazakhstan we tweet all day, pay is crap.
@moonpolysoft SFTP. I WIN!
#agile2010 nice surprise! Linda Rising is give hands on workshop 7 PM "Techniques For Agile Customer Interaction: The Heimlich Maneuver"
Attention! Do no accept certificate at #agile2010! Is bulls shit unless is come from Oracle: http://www.oracle.com/agile/index.html
#agile2010 good news! We have @marick OK start ARXTA chapter Kazakhstan. He is apply for ICAgile too. Join now free 2 liter milk of mare.
@vvuksan all #devops are brother for me. Brother in arms.
@patrickdebois #chef + #tomcat + #macosx is short-term tactical. Better think of #openstack + #nosqlselfheal as long-term strategical.
@mperham '3 things you always integrate in xyz' is VERY good question. I am think of it.
On demand of #agile2010 I am reveal identity: I am only bot. All tweet automatic generated of API call to Amazon Mechanical Asshole Uzbek.
Also all #agile2010 attendee before leave please stop on booth of ICAgile pick up certification. Congrat! http://www.icagile.org/
#agile2010 please attend Friday Fishbowl. Cisco sponsor videoconference showcase of @ronjeffries and @michaelbolton wrestle naked in mud.
@lisacrispin also when travel Kazakhstan bring donkey female for get impregnate of local stud.
@JoshuaKerievsky is Azamat not Asamat. You not have much cultural learning in U S and A. Azamat not Twitter, is only do code and sexytime.
@lisacrispin we can able meet at AgileDevopsCloudNoSql in Almaty Kazakhstan 1-5 August 2011. Food not safe here, bring own.
@lisacrispin no go.
#agile2010 not miss #testobsessed accept speech of Pask award "Manual Testers: The Unsung Heroes Of Agile Who Actually Get Shit Done"
Important! AgileDevopsCloudNoSql Conference 1-5 August 2011 at Almaty Kazakhstan. Bring own food. We have milk of mare.
In our agile startup tester is stuck in Shu. #devops are expert Ri. Azamat is like do Ha, he is say chicks are dig it. #agile2010
#agile2010 seminar 5 PM "The Blues Brothers: Were They Actually Blue? Always Test Your Assumptions" by the Bach Brothers
#agile2010 not miss @jurgenappelo 1 PM sign his book "Top 100 Questions Asked By @michaelbolton When Faced With A Concrete Task"
I not understand motto of #agile2010: "It's Better To Inspect And Reflect Than To Act". Is when get shit done?
Why many Japan names of Agile technique: Kanban, Dojo, Mikado, ShuHaRi? Is sexual complex? Can @JoshuaKerievsky able explain? #agile2010
@hugs genkuie. I have answer for why people suck Web Testing. Is the tool! Why not use Selenium in cloud of itself self heal? #agile2010
We have joke in team: "I tell wife I am at mistress. I tell mistress I am at wife. In mean time I am at work do agile planning" #agile2010
I am not agree of @JoshuaKerievsky sexist comment "Agile needs Viagra." Agile is need infusion #devops stud. #agile2010
#agile2010 also recommend 3 PM panel "Why People Fucking Suck At Web Testing" of Selenium expert @hugs and @adamgoucher.
#agile2010 enjoy last day full! Not miss hands on workshop @jezhumble "Involving Midwives In Continuous Delivery: A Practical Approach"
@rhruiz is true programming &lt; 10% agile. Rest is plan/meet/retrospect/tell user story/listen user story/talk angry customer. #agile2010
@NathanMilford I was disappoint in twitpic. I was think Sprocket is new kind sex toy.
Twitter is suggest I am need follow @ryah. Is he finish write new NoSQL distributed self-heal database in node.js?
@argv0 is that prove you are @devops_borat?
@antonyfalco wa wa wee wa! I am glad you not use 1) or 2) on me. Or is it 1) and 2)? Long time since study logic of boolean.
For prove @USER1 != @USER2 on Twitter is involve interesting NoSQL + Cloud compute challenge on social graph. I call it DEVOPS_BORAT prize.
Now we know P != NP, how you prove @ShitMyDevOpSays != @DEVOPS_BORAT? $100 prize. In donkey equivalent.
@ohlol genkuie. My alma mater is your alma mater, your SUV is my SUV.
@ezmobius glad to hear I was in understand. I was start believe Almaty CS degree is a shit.
@ezmobius you are make no sense. Is like Heisenberg principle then?
@ezmobius wa wa wee wa, you use term too technical. In #devops we stop application layer, not deal cookies sessions.
#agile2010 if you not do automated testing, is like milk full stable of mare with hand instead of use many asshole Uzbeks.
@ezmobius how you manage lose twitter account? Is like when Azamat think lost donkey he was ride on.
One more thing for follower and admirer: I am NOT Cliff Fucking Moon.
@moonpolysoft I am agreed. I am sick vomit in mouth of all fake impostor. Quick question: why you have fake @moonpolysoft account?
Final #devops workshop of day #agile2010 6 PM: "Why Git Should Be Handled By Devops: Dangers Of DVCS Technologies In Agile Practices"
#agile2010 not miss #devops panel 4 PM "Old News For Devops, Brand New For Agile: Using NoSQL In The Cloud For Faster Iterations" #fml
#agile2010 tip on acceptance testing technique from Kazakhstan: bond tester with customer by shave yak together.
#agile2010 check out Adam Goucher hand-on lab "The Bucket Checklist:  How To Test Products That Reached End-Of-Life "
Remind #agile2010 tonight 10 PM is party sponsor of IBM theme "Dinner With The Shmucks". Bring exploratory tester with you.
For #womeninagile I like say Kazakhstan woman much better than man. 90% agile man drink vodka shoot boar all day get no shit done.#agile2010
@michaelbolton you win me.
@michaelbolton genkuie you are fun guy. Is true Rapid Testers do it in 2 minute? #agile2010
@srogalsky idea of unveiling old. I am not accept any award unless it's joint of @ShitMyDevOpSays.
In #devops we not play planning poker for estimate iteration task. We play solitaire and minesweeper. #agile2010
#agile2010 not miss expert panel 3 PM "Don't Ask, Don't Tell: Introducing Agile In The Military"
@lisacrispin you know I have psychic donkey name Kaskyrbai? http://twitpic.com/266xam He is best at estimate user story. #agile2010
Is important know if you ask correct question. Apply Azamat test: if woman slaps you after you ask question, is good question. #agile2010
@testobsessed congrat pask award #agile2010. We are need good tester in agile team Kazakhstan. Pay not good but get experience + mare milk.
#agile2010 @michaelbolton is fire up! He is give 6 PM talk "It Ain't Over Til The Fat Lady Sings: Agile Test Estimation Techniques"
#agile2010 attention @marick talk 5 PM "Correct Cow Milking Techniques: How Do We Test? Examples In Clojure"
@lisacrispin you not need Chuck Norris for team, need hire #devops. Is saying "If at first you don't succeed, you're not #devops" #agile2010
@clojureninja I am follow you, now you have 1 follower. You know Soviet Academy study show Clojure increase male chest hair 22%? #agile2010
#agile2010 not miss 3 PM talk "Money For Nothing And Chicks For Free: Rapid Testing Explained" by James Bach and @michaelbolton
#agile2010 please go room E-1 for Microsoft sponsored presentation "Effective Gantt Charts For Agile Project Managers".
I am not understand what big deal of Selenium. Unix hacker can do everything from command line of WWW-Mechanize. #agile2010
I am think I get Selenium now. Is for automate cloud. I am use it for automate EC2 instance with ElasticFox. #devops #agile2010 #automation
I am try wrap brain on Selenium. Is for remember username password for different web site yes? We do with AutoIt in Kazakhstan. #agile2010
@lisacrispin at IBM reception game #agile2010 I refer Name The Donkey game. @scottwambler dress as donkey, try name him. Most fun win swag.
Not miss "The More A Monkey Climbs Up A Tree, The More It Shows Its Ass" agile manager roundtable 7 PM #agile2010
@tnm8 I am agree, not understand question. I was think MS Access good sufficient?
We have Thoughtworks branch in Kazakhstan, they practice Kanban 80/20 rule: get paid 80% money, make product work 20% time. #agile2010
I am confuse: why is not Kent Beck present for #agile2010 keynote? We have statue of him in Almaty next to RMS and @timbray.
Dave Thomas #agile2010 gem "Collective code ownership is important." is appear tomorrow here: http://bit.ly/bh8ssj
For #agile2010 I am tempt make Unix joke but I know is go over head. Is no #oscon.
#agile2010 please attend @littleidea #devops seminar 8 PM: "Intro To The Cloud. Not Another Bullshit Game". Laptop and #openstack required.
@littleidea is very good you are #agile2010. Make sure you are give #devops good name.
@ponderings I am agree: Dave Thomas incredible, as Bruce Springsteen is sing of hardship but never is have steady job in life. #agile2010
Recommend #agile2010 retrospective 6 PM by @unclebobmartin "The Way We Were: C++ and I in 1985". Bring tissue.
Also if at #agile2010 not miss Thoughtworks panel 6 PM "Java, Ruby, Clojure: Languages Are Changing But We're Still Getting Rich"
@michaelbolton I am look forward to Ken Schwaber talk "Laughing All The Way To The Bank: A Scrum Master Certification Update" #agile2010
For #agile2010 alpha male: not forget play too, not work only. Skip talk today and go world famous Miami Bitch.
#agile2010 good news on all lady in attendance! Free botox injection after dinner. Sponsor of Rally Software.
#agile2010 5 PM hands on lab "Intro To Programming For Scrum Masters". Bring laptop with Visual Basic preinstalled.
#agile2010 "Coming Out" track: "Yes, I've Always Been An Automated Tester And You Can Be One Too" talk by @michaelbolton
#agile2010 interdisciplinary talk "Agile Estimating And Planning: Delusion Or Simple Fantasy?" by French psychoanalyst Michel Cohn
#agile2010: enjoy lunch on your own courtesy of Thoughtworks! #community #givingback
For brain game we are blindfold try pin tail on live donkey. After kick on face is not matter left brain right brain anymore #agile2010
I hear not many #agile2010 are know what #devops is. Is simple: we do shit while you plan/iterate/retrospect.
For anonymous sexuality workshop 9 PM are people break out in group like "Testers Do It With Cucumbers". #agile2010
Dave Thomas: "testers get drowned at the bottom of waterfall; I'm so glad I've always been a manager on that piss upstream" #agile2010
#agile2010 announcement: anonymous workshop 9 PM "Burndowns, Backlogs And Other Sexual Fantasies".
Dave Thomas: "Waterfall is dead". Years pass. Waterfall: "Dave Thomas is dead". #agile2010
If #agile2010 expert not get all joke is ok, in #devops joke is tend be technical. #kanban #lean
If see Dave Thomas at #agile2010 say Zed Shaw is say Hi, no hard on feeling.
Not forget talk at #agile2010 "What Can You Expect From A Pig But A Grunt: A Product Owner Perspective".
Friend from U S and A is say many woman at #agile2010. He is think they are turn on by alpha male of Kanban lean BDD.
For requirement Azamat is bring his Grandma Babushka tell user story. Problem is he is fall asleep during planning.#agile2010
@wattersjames when say 'headcount', you refer to human or animal talent? In Kazakhstan is refer sheep. For cloud horse is better, faster.
@RonJeffries apologetics, I have confuse you of @michaelbolton. You are fight him in Fishbowl for #agile2010 yes?
For icebreak #agile2010 recommend old Kazakhstan custom of greet stranger: kiss on mouth 3 time.
@RonJeffries genkuie follow. In Kazakhstan we like of your articles on session/exploratory testing. Why you not like automatic test?
#agile2010 not forget tomorrow Fishbowl on Obsessive Compulsive Development. Team #1 write Clojure in Ruby. Team #2 write Ruby in Clojure.
@dwhelan if agile ever out of fashion in U S and A you are able work as agile coach Kazakhstan? For expert we pay in camel. #agile2010
@lisacrispin jagshemash. I am think you would like work for startup in Kazakhstan, we pay in donkey. We do lean Kanban agile TDD Cucumber.
@yourdon exploratory tester expensive in Kazakhstan, need cultural learning so are able philosophy. But is worth, they find 1 bug/month.
@jeantabaka #agile2010: "An answer is an invitation to stop learning". Is so true. When MySQL DB crash, I not fix, I start learn PostgreSQL.
For #agile2010 not forget attend talk tonight of @unclebobmartin on history of agile from 1955 to present.
@yourdon genkuie.You are exploratory or automatic testing?We fired tester of exploratory, he always say can not know when done. #agile2010
In Kazakhstan startup is Cucumber very much recommend. Azamat is like it a lot, and so is his donkey. #agile2010
Friend from U S and A is tell me can not able do context driven testing correctly if have Computer Science degree. Is true? #agile2010
@therobot genkuie compliment "el sysadmin definitivo". I tell Azamat about it, he is put on business card, is score lots hot womans.
@ripienaar in #devops we can able lead horse to water AND make it drink.
Kazakhstan govt use exploratory test consultant. First day job he is bring down nation private cloud by type Ctrl-Alt-F2-Tab-X. #agile2010
@pharkmillups congratulation Riak acquisition by Joyent. Is MS Access backend of Riak main purpose for it?
@jbrains genkuie #agile2010 Dude Law value=why/how. In Kazakhstan startup how is almost 0. Is mean value is infinite yes?
How many Kanban expert is take change lightbulb? Only 1, but lightbulb is need answer 5 Whys first. #agile2010
@michelesliger genkuie follow. I am in agree of you, #agile2010 is MUCH hysterical. I am want know more Kanban, please tweet.
@whizz genkuie clarify. You are born Czechoslovakia? Good country, is landlocked as Kazakhstan. I like bra model from there.
In Kazakhstan startup tester is 3 class citizen after architect and #devops. Is same at #agile2010? We are use intern as tester, is enough.
Interesting panel #agile2010: "Why Automated Testing Didn't Discover The Toyota Prius Defect And How Exploratory Testing Would Have Helped"
Also at #agile2010 not miss "Mating Dance Of The Tester: A Very Short Performance"
For #agile2010 I like session for today "Large Scale, Distributed Development: Why It Only Works In Simulation But Not In The Real World"
1 liter White Horse is very good for exploratory testing.You not know what you do and you find lot of bug. #agile2010 #contextdriventesting
We are run iteration of 2 day then meeting for inspect app and have meal of lamb and White Horse (1/2 milk of mare + 1/2 vodka). #agile2010
Jagshemash #agile2010. We are small #devops startup in Kazakhstan. We try do pair programming but not work, Azamat is stink like wild boar.
Azamat is practice Behaviour Driven Development. When he behave as drunk pig, he get beat by wife and can not able program next day.
Motto of #agile2010 is Shu Ha Ri, is old martial art of naked wrestling. Is mean if not agile you are bitch of somebody.
Friend Anatoly is use be of Soviet Academy. He call say finish read P!=NP paper. Is true.
@zedshaw we offer cloud computing 10TB+ in private cloud Kazakhstan. We can able do fuckyou very good for mongrel2.org.
@GeorgeReese here other new joke: cloud expert walk into bar not talk to any body. Bar tender say: "why so private?"
@GeorgeReese joke is very new in Kazakhstan. Is may be old in U S and A. We are at least 20 year behind. With strong #devops hope catch up.
@GeorgeReese here joke to light mood: how many cloud expert it take change light bulb? Can not change, can only give advice on how change.
Law of #devops monitoring: if use open source monitoring system, it evolve until it can be replace by Nagios plugin
Also Azamat is find unit test is bulls shit. Is no need when write NoSQL database which is self heal.
Azamat is make a good progress on script language Kaban. Is now event based. He is rewrite CouchDB in Kaban next.
@jamesurquhart @rosy1280 is law of #devops cloud AI: is no AI in cloud, #devops have need use own brain.
Law of #devops metrics: if you not measure it, @allspaw is not include it in his books.
Law of #devops relativity: time is relative in infrastructure unless use NTP.
You know TV show 'Real Housewives of Astana'? Is very interesting, show hot womans raise camel, donkey and sheep while husband work #devops.
@GeorgeReese genkuie. We are use 3 private cloud for Astana startup. Are not connected internet, best of security practice.
@GeorgeReese I am confuse. "Use private or public cloud" is true logic value itself. Why rest of the article?
@GeorgeReese genkuie post of private cloud security. I am think your conclusion is "use private or public cloud". Is accurate?
Friend in U S and A industry of TV is tell me Scott McNealy is play main part in 'Last Comic Standing". Is true?
@postwait wa wa wee wa! I have hear is much violent in U S and A. Kazakhstan is place of peace, we only fight of fist asshole Uzbeks.
@jchris I am able make joke of cousin same as mother but I refrain.
@CloudCEO @mccrory @samj is clear you not know #devops. IP can not able be steal, is reserved block of IP for you, other get IP conflict.
@ShitMyDevOpSays also I hear rumor 10gen team is present MongoDB autosharding live on stage of next episode "America's Got Talent". Is true?
@FrancescoC genkuie @jchris compliment. I hear he is stud too.
@ShitMyDevOpSays coincide of mention devops reality show. Azamat is got offer main role in 'America's Toughest Jobs: Rewriting CouchDB in C'
@zedshaw I not get why poster hate you. I like of work you do. Azamat is deploy mongrel2 for startup, is 10x better than asshole mongrel.
@AlTobey @CloudCEO for #devops all is need 5 things: 1) public/private cloud; 2) ruby/python; 3) chef/puppet; 4) NoSQL; 5) tweet 35% time
@CloudCEO I am not suprise #ArchCamp out of idea for tool of cloud. Is Arch in title mean architect? That is explain. You need #devops.
@ripienaar is also Python comes with include battery. Next version is include Django.
#devops  tactics and strategy. Tactics is how optimal reboot Windows servers after patch install. Strategy is replace Windows with Unix.
@philiph is OK he/she has fool Azamat too. Azamat is like very much pour any things down of leg.
@markimbriaco nice luck for new job. In Kazakhstan we say 'may camel never thirst'. Is Heroku hire you for event-base NoSQL? See node.js.
@antonyfalco Bolivar is fashion of old. In our startup we share steed for pair programming, is very efficient.
@accesshosting genkuie for follow. I not have suspect MS Access is use outside Kazakhstan. Is warm for heart. You are let @tnm8 knows yes?
@FrancescoC plucked chicken is cheap, we give to intern. For industry expert as you we offer live camel or small donkey troop.
@CloudCEO I am interest hear continuous deployment discussion.  Is strange, I not knew Cloud has CEO. You need Cloud Devops?
@tnm8 I not want CouchDB use MS Access, I use on own for new Riak backend. I am try convince MS branch in Almaty of open source Access.
@jchris before embark ALGOL rewrite I ask in humble consider Turbo Pascal with Paradox backend. Is very common in Astana #devops.
@voodootikigod is twitter in flame because announcement couchdb is rewrite in node.js. I LIKE VERY MUCH!
I not understand U S and A jargon. What is mean when #devops say to application: "NOW YOU GONNA SCALE FOR ME BITCH!" ???
@fujin_ Azamat he is know #opscode #opschef #ruby #devops #sysadmin #msaccess #visualc++ #vista #sqlserver2000 #msexchange. Is OK if he DM?
I have friend Jimmy in U S and A, he call tell me: "In #devops we do it 24x7"
@sippndipp my horse is your horse, your Rails server my Rails server. You are true of mustache, is sign of manliness yes.
@strlen you are make 2 mistake: 1) stalin is still supreme ruler Russia; 2) is not C in Soviet #devops, is Cobol
Is good discussion on Twitter on distributed database write in C. Not understand, is very subtle. Why not use javascript all way down?
@tnm8 in Kazakhstan saying 'not count donkey before hatch'. We start MS Access, only then MS SQL Server.
@tnm8 is fun you mention event-drive framework. We are work on it at Kazakhstan startup. Is all javascript, we think call it mode.js.
In Kazakhstan startup is tester shot Taser if customer find bug first. Is same in U S and A? We have many intern use as tester. #devops
#ff @DEVOPS_BORAT @ShitMyDevopSays @DBAHULK @DEVOPS_BORAT @ShitMyDevopSays @DBAHULK @DEVOPS_BORAT @ShitMyDevopSays @DBAHULK @DEVOPS_BORAT
Also with continuous integration we are do push to production in instant. If fail is Arduino kill donkey. Azamat has kill 23 donkey so far.
For Continuous Integration in startup we port crontab to Rails and run build. We have Arduino too is pull donkey tail yell when bad checkin.
If work as tester in Kazakhstan is not fair, only paid 1 sheep. Architect paid 1 camel and #devops paid 1 donkey. Is same in U S and A?
@jtroyer is fact that #devops &gt; #virtualization. Not need @v12n_borat then.
@jmhodges is @moonpolysoft Kazakhstan #devops? If no, he can not able be me.
I am confuse: is VMworld community conference or is organize by Citrix? Is not clear from homepage.
Revise #devops work day: 45% stare fail whale; 35% read blog; 10% dream infrastructure is scalable; 5% look Apple product online; 5% do shit
@FrancescoC I agree full of Twitter downtime. Is bulls shit. Azamat is rewrite clone in Erlang though. He may need consulting if you can.
Compute on envelope's back say Twitter clone is handle Central Asia traffic with 2 server. Is big territory, few people. Rails should be OK.
Azamat is sick of whale fail, is write Twitter clone in modern technology: cloud, NoSQL, erlang, clojure, ZeroMQ. Is for Central Asia only.
@vambenepe in #devops not need many hour sleep, is self organizing. Also if carry pager you not sleep for 1 week, need watch infrastructure.
@mramos29 is easy judge book by cover when is animal cover by Tim O'Reilly.
Wa wa wee wa! I not realized how much depend on Twitter here in Kazakhstan. Is not good when it go down, maybe it need use cloud and NoSQL?
In #devops we *can* able judge book by cover.
In #devops we *can* able judge book by cover.
@tnm8 I have use early version MS Access 1993. Was very good, easy create GUI too. Is good hear of NoSQL on it. I remember read Riak use it?
Is true Microsoft Azure cloud based on Virtual PC? Or was it JumpBox?
At #bizconf I recommend bickering talk 3 PM. Is on how destroy self organizing team. Is like pull network cable out of MongoDB server.
@damienkatz genkuie link asshole architect. In University I was teach do inverse of 5 rules. Was during Soviet time, was no #devops culture.
For cloud are you recommend gigabit network? Am think ask Bekzat network guy upgrade 3COM switch from 10/100 MB.
@obfuscurity also is what @surgecon? In Kazakhstan surge is when power go out. It happen very much, is why need self heal cloud and NoSQL.
@obfuscurity genkuie @surgecon invite. I am think of it. It depend on schedule of NoSQL implementation for Kazakhstan government.
I wish I able go #bizconf. From first day schedule I like go 'box lunch'. I have never see boxing in lunchtime. I think Obie Fernandez win.
Our startup CTO is put sign in office so #devops read and stay in #devops: "higher monkey climbs tree, more you can able see his ass".
Wa wa wee wa! MongoDB 1.6.0 out have autosharding. I am try on new servers I have buy from local Compaq branch. Autoshard is autoheal yes?
I read of MongoDB durability issue. What is problem? If database is corrupting it not matter so much, nobody is use in production anyway.
I have hear VMWare buy Redis and start sell as VMSQL. Is true? Is cheaper than Cassandra of Riptano?
@igrigorik genkuie for find tip. I tell Azamat of it. He know rm -rf already but not combine with find yet. Is good NoSQL can heal self.
@jtimberman I am suprise of you use sudo. In #devops culture everybody is know root password but nobody is use it. #publickeyssh
#devops work day: 35% read tweet; 20% write tweet; 15% read blog; 15% meeting; 10% dream infrastructure is scalable; 5% do some shit
@Obdurodon I agree in full with RedHat is linux not synonym for Ubuntu. In #devops we know better is linux actually Debian.
@solarce genkuie. Not know what poignant mean, I am hope is good. In my language mean some like horse stud.
@cscotta genkuie! Is open of eye. You are good #devops. Any time you want job, let me know. Plenty of sexytime in Kazakhstan.
@cscotta genkuie FTP idea. Is not same as telnet right?
@ajsharp what you recommend replace S3? SAN or NAS?
@ShitMyDevOpSays what type DVCS you recommend for #devops? In Kazakhstan we have RCS, almost as git, only more old and reliable.
@vambenepe genkuie tip on Prop 8. Now I am think I understand. Is what in Kazakhstan we call 'bromance' yes?
Is somebody please explain noise on Prop 8? Is what Prop 8? Can I have cultural learning?
Is me only or is Google Wave have remind of Microsoft Bob?
@dimacus if you want relocate Kazakhstan, we have Unix position open. Requirement is 3 or more NoSQL product knowledge. Is plenty sexytime.
@jrecursive genkuie for cultural learning of Cassandra. Is myth figure full of tragedy, no? Not good omen for Kazakhstan govt. NoSQL deploy.
@dimacus for high blood pressure of Active Directory I recommend replace of LDAP + Samba. Is what we do in #devops to be able have sexytime.
@tnm8 is good hear. You know Star Trek was launch from Kazakhstan? Is from Baikonur. Also Mark Shuttleworth launch there.
@timbray genkuie for follow. You know we have statue of you in Almaty? Is inscription 'Father of XML'. Is next to RMS statue.
Is true Cassandra grow itself in cloud and heal itself? I read of tolerance to faults, it say can rebuild itself after nuclear war. Is true?
@botchagalupe I am sorry you are block me from twitter. I would be 2000 follower. Why you say devops != scripts? Is Azamat work waste then?
Azamat make progress in script language Kaban. Is possible read file contain  by use backtick `cat file`. Is better than Ruby 1.9.1
Wa wa wee wa! I was think all NoSQL product have same API, as SQL only no join. I need learn each NoSQL for itself? Is bulls shit.
@swardley I am honor by compliment but is true #devops are #4 after industry expert, CTO and chief architect. #5 is tester.
@swardley genkuie. We not have any you describe in Kazakhstan. You are far over head of me. I do #devops, that's all it.
For NoSQL product I am look combination Cassandra, MongoDB and Redis. Each a type of rabbit warren. I am think is cunning. You like choice?
@zedshaw Jagshemash. I know I bore is because I not use sexytime word anymore. I am leave it to you. Is also code speak for itself. Rock on.
I am research NoSQL product for Kazakhstan govt. You know saying "cunning rabbit has 3 warren"? Is why I look for 3 product use same time.
@swardley is what you direct attention on during day? I like very much to do same if possible. I wish it is NoSQL, yes?
I am achieve zen mind by stare at @zedshaw twitter avatar. Is black pitch or is wave subtle in it? Can not tell, but I feel very gladness.
@jtimberman Jagshemash. I also have drink 2 type milk of mare today: Jabe and Adaev. I high recommend Adaev if you can able try.
In Kazakhstan good manner is ask person you meet about health of livestock first. In #devops same, need ask of server CPU utilization first.
@ampledata are you test splunk? Full version is cost same 15 camel in Kazakhstan. Free version is choke on my 1 GB syslog.
Law of eliminate bottleneck: is always the database. Also ask @DBAHULK.
Borat law of disk for #devops: disk always get full because of log. Is like boil milk of mare, always happen when you not look.
Cultural learning #devops: is Microsoft buy Twitter? Old Kazakhstan proverb say no: "in vain is .NET spread in sight of bird"
Old Kazakhstan proverb: Blessed is the mother who gives birth to a #devops.
@vambenepe what you ask is Cloud fallacy #6: committee is able make cloud standard with no actual implementing. Is story of OSI 7-layer.
Cloud fallacy #5: cloud is make your application scalable. Is like say 9 cows can produce 1 calf in 1 month.
@zeddsdead genkuie NoSQL explain. I understand all except word 'standard'. Are you Oracle guy?
@jtimberman is what Caps you talk about? I have hear REST yes.
@obfuscurity you laugh but dump in memory + iterate is exactly what I am do.
I am final understand NoSQL: is 1 value for 1 key, is scale infinite. I am have only 1 question: how I do join?
I am understand No in NoSQL. I am not understand SQL in NoSQL. #devops
@vambenepe I love you too, but like brother only OK? Not Bruno style.
Azamat is make good progress on script language Kaban. He is now have white space significant. #devops
@dkubb compiler theory is horse shit. I have study at University never use it. For #devops all need is Unix lemur book and @ShitMyDevOpSays.
@ShitMyDevOpSays my lips stretch is show my naked teeth (is Kazakh poetic for LOL)
Cloud not need sysadmin actually 1/2 true. Need sysadmin of special power as a bull able make penetrate whole cow farm. Is called #devops.
Cloud fallacy #4: not need sysadmin. Is like say in cow farm not need human take care. Is cow milk herself?
Cloud fallacy #3: sum of human knowledge on #cloud is @swardley + @jamesurquhart
Cloud fallacy #2: if read many article and tweet on cloud from cloud experts then is very easy understand and deploy cloud.         NOT!
@strlen genkuie for trust in presenting skill. I work on it very much. I work on fallacy of cloud. #1 easy: OpenStack is game changer.
Friend from Kazakhstan government call say they also use Continuous Deployment in healthcare. Interesting stat: mortality rate up only 9.6%
In our startup with #continuousdeployment is engineer fired if not deploy to prod 8 time/day. Rest of time must spent talk angry customer.
I have start apply Continuous Deployment in Astana startup. Is very easy, no need QA/test team. Push to prod. then take call from customer.
Is saying in Kazakhstan "not put cart before horse". In #continuousdeployment it mean not test before deploy to production. Is make easy!
I am learn Continuous Deployment of Eric Ries blogs. He used apply it for IMVU now he not work there anymore. Why?
Aibat is return from #defcon. He say he had sexytime in Las Vegas with 2 cougars. Is possible? Is not puma attack kill human?
@joshowens Jagshemash. I am very open of infrastructure. Ask any question you like and I contribute your podcast.
@ShitMyDevOpSays I am get worry see no tweet from you. You too busy with #devops? Remind that true #devops is spend 35% time on tweet.
@portertech I am true happy you like Gentoo. Is also prefer OS of Azamat. He say all other Linux flavor should call Wimpy Buttercakes Linux.
@philiph is @ericp98 good #devops? Is he want relocate Kazakhstan? We are hire in Rails startup. We give 1 camel to promise new hire.
@obie genkuie for RubyConf remind. Will submit proposal on Rails use cases in glorious nation of Kazakhstan. Will try have @dhh present it.
@Ubuntuka is why in #devops always run everywhere as root. In #devops culture is much of a trust. Sudo is insult.
Microsoft branch in Almaty call say they offer 50% off their new NoSQL product code name Bob. I am tempting try.
I have new startup in Astana. We make new site is call DevopsBook. Is for devops to be friend and share photo of Apple product they own.
Aibat went Ninja party last night at #defcon. Was 2 woman and 354 man. Was pool party but no sex no alcohol, all too busy crack password.
Great success! Aibat win Crack Me If You Can prize at #defcon!He is crack 52768 of 53000 password.Was easy with private cloud in Kazakhstan.
@obie in final example I in person use Rails for site like 'Am I Hot Or Not' but for #devops. Is in alpha now. You would be vote very hot.
@obie also in Kazakhstan #devops use Rails for web apps for donkey farm management. Is food rations compute and assign to donkey in Rails.
@obie hello from glorious nation of Kazakhstan for Rails book you work. All startup in Astana is oblige use Rails, is not allow use Django.
Also dmtf.org site is very easy use. All link open PDF document. Is like Kazakhstan government site too. I LIKE!
I am read DMTF cloud standard document. I have English not good sufficient, but I understand a bits. In a nut's shell, is same CORBA.
I am work with Bekzat network guy on cloud standards. We not get why so much fuss. Is need be based on OSI 7-layer. Will publish soon.
Azamat is make nice progress on his new script language Kaban. Is able now assign number to variable without segfault. #devops #ftw
Today I deploy MongoDB 1.6RC2 for biggest bank of Kazakhstan. They desperate for autosharding. Failure rate is 11% is good enough at bank.
Prize 1 hacking in #defcon for asshole Uzbek. He is social engineer jury and sell them 3 donkeys + 2 camels as racehorse.
Aibat call say got prize 2 for hacking at #defcon. He is manage own all wireless home router in Kazakhstan, they play rickroll every hour.
@blueben make safe you order White Horse: 1/2 milk of mare and 1/2 pure alcohol of apple. Better than Capt Jack.
I am ashame how Azamat behave in Sysadmin Day feast. He get very drunk and start yell 'Devs suck balls of Ops'. This not #devops!
Aibat call say he is meet Fyodor in #defcon. Aibat is now nmap master. He is also learn tool FOCA2. He is ready make penetration any thing.
For Sysadmin Day Azamat prepare best drink in Kazakhstan. Is name White Horse, is consist 1/2 milk of mare and 1/2 pure alcohol of apple.
In our village Azamat is give big feast today. We have 3 dev+2 sysadmin is #devops and 1 old network guy he not like #devops, he like 3COM.
Have happy Sysadmin Day! In #devops we say "May router never drop packet, may server have 3650 day uptime and may donkey turn into horse"
@aussielunix in #devops I recommend Gentoo. Is hard as rock. Is also painful as when you have deep cut but is good for character build.
@jeffbarr in vacation you very welcome in Kazakhstan. I am able arrange visit old plutonium mine if Amazon need more datacenter Asia region.
@leonardovaz Azamat need learn lots of Unix before he is able play RMS in movie. You know we have RMS bronze statue in Almaty?
@leonardovaz in Kazakhstan is Mandrake very popular Linux for home user. Business is run mix of NetWare 4.0, WinNT 4.0 and RHEL 4.0.
Aibat call say for #defcon on Sysadmin Appreciation Day all go visit Las Vegas strip club for free. Is same in Kazakhstan!
@mperham I am guarantee great success with Nagios! My alerts go to a pair sharp spurs which pierce donkey ribs and his noise wake me up.
@mperham in Kazakhstan we have saying 'Old trusty donkey better than unprove new horse'. Is why in Kazakhstan #devops always is use nagios.
@swardley what you think a business idea: install plug computer for all house of Kazakhstan and run cloud. Is good proof concept #openstack?
@swardley genkuie. Good idea #cloudbarn. I make sure you invited as keynote speaker. You know Kazakhstan is #9 size country in world?
Aibat call say he is learn lots in #defcon. U S and A hacker is teach him how make ATM rickroll.
@swardley ha ha even virtual donkey is need care, feed, monitor, SLA, queuing, NoSQL and many more. Not many farmer is know do it right.
@swardley is difference between everybody know now how put bridle 1 donkey and everybody run farm of 1000 donkey. #cloud #scale #openstack
@vimtips repeat tips is suck goat. Here is new tip from Azamat: all you can do in vim can also do in combination of sed and awk.
Aibat has teach me 2 easy step secure any Unix:1)not run any command root or sudo 2)not run any service is listen on port. Is private cloud?
Aibat #blackhat skill is hack karaoke machine play rickroll in Kazakh language. Is very cruel on ear. #defcon.
If you go #defcon say Jagshemash to Aibat #1 top hacker Kazakhstan. Is easy to spot he is disguise in t-blouse say 'I am asshole Uzbek'.
Inverse Yoda law of #devops: is no dev and no ops; is only #devops.
Law of #devops cloud: who can is deploy cloud; who can't is give talk about cloud.
@yourabi in Kazakhstan for Sysadmin Appreciation Day is sysadmin allowed ride camel 1 hour then drink 1 liter White Hump (camel milk+vodka)
@blueben I agree full of #devops much more as automation. Is mean also spend 35% of time on tweet and not get much a shit done.
I help Azamat write new scripting language. Is named Kaban, mean wild boar in Kazakhstan. It is best mix of Perl, Ruby and Python. #devops
I am try tell Azamat good #devops need learn modern language as Clojure, Go, Seph or C++. Azamat say Unix hacker roll own. He is work on it.
Azamat is much enthusiast for Unix pipe. He is write interpreter like Ruby in one long sequence of pipes. Will be on GitHub soon.
OpenStack CEO @dendrobates call say they want be bought by Kazakhstan govt too. They want better compete with Eucalyptus and EC2.
Azamat is study be vi ninja. He is show me how edit any text file on vi and change to valid Perl with simple sequence Ctrl command.
I am try EC2 cloud for Kazakhstan govt. I am use #boto is very easy. I am propose to Kazakhstan govt buy Eucalyptus where is @garnaat work.
Amazon datacenter security very good is 3 way: thing you have like pen or key;thing you know is PIN 6582;thing you are is moustache.
I visit open house for new Amazon datacenter in old plutonium mine. Is very nice, have nuclear power not traditional power made by donkey.
Kazakhstan mines industry update: Amazon is buy old plutonium mines like a crazy. Uzbek source is tell me they start new Asia region EC2.
@obfuscurity so true. I am keep say to Azamat stop bitching and start a cloud or something. He say he is learn be vi ninja for now.
Great success! I convince Kazakhstan govt not use Azure cloud. I have them open 173 remote desktop session into cloud and everything freeze.
@swardley you are kind man. My hut is your hut anytime you decide consult for Kazakhstan cloud.
@akahn @roidrage you make a fun of glorious Kazakhstan source control? I am port it from CVS to proprietary DVCS I am write in Clojure.
@swardley genkuie for business idea and 60s utility computing.Is many 60s equipment in Kazakhstan so cloud easy here then.I will own camel!
@swardley in Kazakhstan camel many more value as donkey. I am dream own camel but 1st I need be top cloud expert as you. You drive Ferrari?
Azamat say MS Azure is used called Hotmail and is use FreeBSD. Is true?
Kazakhstan government call say Microsoft is flex monopoly muscle, is make mandatory Azure cloud. Is somebody know what is?
@swardley genkuie. In Kazakhstan we live huts. I start build luxury hut with 2 donkey barn. You have camel?
@zedshaw you big Python fanatic, why not use supervisor?
@darkuncle my Uzbek source usual very reliable. Maybe he got a mix up. Could be EMC buy Cisco soon then.
@solarce good suggest but my Uzbek source is tell me Cisco is buy Vmware soon. I not want monopoly in Kazakhstan, already have Microsoft.
@cgoldberg it may or it not may. I can not able say, is proprietary information. I just say it does involve beasts.
@cgoldberg @solarce NewServer is full horse shit. If Kazakhstan need 5000 instance today,NewServer have as many bare metal server on stock?
Is true #1 top expert in cloud is @swardley? At least if judge by his tweet. Maybe I need ask his opinion for Kazakhstan cloud.
@martiboheme genkuie. My cloud is your cloud. You have work in cloud #devops?
@smulc on What is cloud, I have answer. Is when you need 1 #devops only for run API for spin and kill server. Is like root on 1000 server.
@dstieglitz @smulc genkuie, I have Azamat look in Eucalyptus. Kazakhstan govt is want spend opex not capex. I need look public cloud.
Kazakhstan government say OpenStack is a shit, not ready production. They ask I find other cloud solution. What I do?
Azamat like build RedHat server in kickstart,add 2 number in bc then destroy server rm -rf /. He not know but he is make cloud computing.
Azamat make first Unix #devops fuckup. He mean run 'df -h /' and he type 'rm -rf /'. He still in shock of superpower feel he got.
@cscotta I am confuse. You not like MongoDB? In Kazakshstan #devops use precompiled MongoDB. Is mostly use in banking industry.
Also Azamat is learn many Unix tools. He is make dirty joke involve 'cat' and 'finger'. I can not able repeat here.
@cscotta I like your blog on polyglot very much. Is #devops approach too. All Linux flavor good in some way, just not use Windows.
Azamat is fire up of Unix so far. Only thing he did not like what I teach is emacs. He like vi very much. He say emacs user suck goat.
Too many Unix theory for Azamat, now practical: he is install Slackware 0.8 from 12 floppy disk.
Unix lesson #4: in Unix no need small mouse or screen self touch. All need is command prompt and single command named emacs.
Unix lesson #3: when Windows user learn Unix they set root password be 'p@$$w0rd' or 'changeme'. Beware Thor smash head in.
Unix lesson #2: is exist 1 user has superpower of melt server metal. Is name root or roht, is come from hammer god Thor spell back.
Unix lesson #1: for know Unix well you have need beard, sandal with sock and small horse tail.
I am teach Azamat Unix. He desperate get job as #devops and can not able because he is know only Windows NT.
Kazakhstan smartphone market update: BlueBerry is make come back, but ByePhone and Androgyn still is have market pie share.
@obfuscurity genkuie for clarify reboot. In Kazakhstan nightly reboot of Windows is find in best practice manual.
In Kazakhstan we have saying: if horse is lame, better kill so not suffer. For #devops do same with your Windows server.
I am watch Astana team best in France Tour. Guess who maintain their #devops infrastructure. #novellnetware #win.
@JordanRinke I like! I have tell Azamat from now use small lego. He like learn TCP with live horse. Many congestion.
@JordanRinke if you not know TCP 3-way handshake then peek will not help.
@JordanRinke my water well is your water well. But my copy of Stevens TCP/IP Illustrated I not share.
Borat's law of #devops: sexytime you have at home is inverse proportional with sexytime you have with infrastructure.
Are 3 things Kazakhstan #devops not share: his woman, his horse and his copy of Stevens TCP/IP Illustrated.
Capacity plan Unix: add load average on all Unix server, divide to number Unix server. Is number new server need buy. This no joke.
Capacity plan Windows: count blue screen death in infrastructure, divide to number Windows servers. Is number new server need order.
I finish capacity planning book of @allspaw. I like. Much complicate formula for know when buy new server. I give you best formula.
Also in Kazakhstan economy 1 camel very expensive, many more as 1 #devops. Is almost same as hire @allspaw.
I read @adamhjk tweet say #devops is culture, can not buy. Hahahahaha. In Kazakhstan you can able hire 1 #devops same price of 1 horse.
You know Kazakhstan #1 in Mac/iPhone/iPad sold per head of people? Here my father kiss statue of Steve Jobs. http://twitpic.com/27zkoi
@dstieglitz your horse my horse, my water well your water well.
@ShitMyDevOpSays I have ask @feministhulk, she very excite. Is she hottie? Maybe we put her in booth at conferences.
I am start consulting company with @DBAHULK and @ShitMyDevOpSays. We SMASH your infrastructure and do rebuild in cloud. Is very cheap.
@ianmeyer I excite too! You like #devops? In Kazakhstan we have expression "my horse is your horse" when we follow each other tweet.
#oscon award: the "Tempest in a Teapot" award for Most Hyped Open Source Product That Actually Does Nothing For You: OpenStack
#oscon award: "Ruby on Rails" award for Most Hyped Python Web Framework: Django
#oscon award: "Fellowship of the Ring" award for Best Community Spirit: Zed Shaw and the Ruby community
#oscon award: "Who's your Daddy" award in the configuration management category: Puppet, for also bringing Chef into the world
#oscon award: "Null Pointer" award for "Famous For Being Famous Blogger And Tweeter With Zero Contributions To Open Source": @scobleizer
#oscon award: the "Mommy, he hit me" award for "Biggest Crybaby In The NoSQL Family": CouchDB, for telling on sibling MongoDB
#oscon award: the "Terminator" award for "Biggest Closed Source Company That Will Buy And Destroy Your Open Source Product": Oracle
#oscon award: the "Repeat after me, Flash is evil" award for Best Hypnotist Who Wants Nothing To Do With Open Source: Steve Jobs
I have watch list of official oscon awards. Boring. I publish real list soon. Stay in tune of tweet.
@irabinovitch we have company like Edmunds in Kazakhstan, only sell horse not car. I can put word for good #devops if you need.
Am conduct penetration testing from AWS into #openstack private cloud. #openstack is like very much! #stud
@ShitMyDevOpSays is true. In Kazakhstan #devops is formula: (set system we can build) - (set system we can build elegantly) = Windows system
#oscon I hope I can see video later of talk "Awesome Things You've Missed If You Use Perl" at 2:30.
@philiph is easy to speak of packaging best practices. Is #devops issue yes. Make developer eat own vomit.
@ShitMyDevOpSays genkuie. #devops in Kazakhstan high develop. Automate a shit out of all. Not forget measure everything. Go read #etsy blog.
I have confuse. Is true @scobleizer and @perezhilton one same person?
Speak of cloud. How many cloud computing user it take change lightbulb? Can not change, no access data center. #devops #cloud #oscon
#openstack private cloud for Kazakhstan govt not work too much. libvir: QEMU error: monitor socket did not show up.: Connection refused
Today I develop iPhone app to control cloud. I have buy new iPhone from asshole Uzbek, he say new form factor. Is  http://twitpic.com/27lx9w
Kazakhstan govt call ask if they able hire @randybias. They like #openstack make game of cloud, means easy true? http://tinyurl.com/24frrat
Very nice #oscon talks come up: "PostgreSQL Considered Harmful For Django",  "Building Another Ruby Application Server Won't Get You Laid"
@jtimberman if you able, please attend talk at 4:30 and tell me how was: "Scratching A 40-Year Crotch: The Smalltalk Experience".
@jtimberman can not able go #oscon. Need work #openstack cloud for Kazakhstan govt. Can send stuffed animal chef chase puppet with knife?
You have time go! #oscon talk: "Vaporware: Art or Science? DB Relay Case Study"
almost forget, very important at 2:30 #oscon: "Why Google Has A Median IQ of 165 And Why You Don't Fit There" -- office hours Bray & DiBona
and not miss #oscon 2:30 talk on "The iPhone Conundrum: Why It Can Recognize Faces But Can't Make Phone Calls"
#oscon at 2:30 "Sharding Issues In Porting MySQL to Oracle", "Challenges of Running a Porn Site", "How Linux Can Really Fuck Up Your Cloud"
Am suprised talk admitted at #oscon, is safe for work? 1:40 PM "Open Asshole Government -- San Francisco"
I LIKE! Android Hard-On: @oscon If you want to go to the Android Hard-On tonight, sign up now. Only a few places left. http://ping.fm/yZIBI
Wa wa wee wa! Make sure not miss #oscon talk at 1:40 "Perl 6: Cool Yesterday, Cool Tomorrow,  Non-Existent Today"
@jacobian is bad Django talk canceled. But still interesting talk is replace: "Rewriting Django In Flask".
#devops guy walks into bar. Bartender tell him "Why the smiley face?" #gift fromKazakhstan #oscon
For #oscon I have hear 1:40 talk "Next Level Django" has canceled. Is replaced with "Rewriting Django In Flask".
Also not miss at #oscon "Building Mobile Apps With Flash and Silverlight" and "Fornication Or Adultery? Native And Web Apps Convergence"
More #oscon talk very good at 11:30: "Why Not To Use Google App Engine", "Django: Two Extreme Failures", "Dreaming About Drizzle in 2012"
@ripienaar are try copy my style? I hope you notice my post now PG-13, no word sex.
#oscon talks at 10:40: "New Beginning Of End For Perl 5", "Android: The WTFs" and "Getting Ready For Oracle 12m: The New MySQL"
Good #oscon talk is happen at 4:30: "The Design And Implementation Of The MongoDB Coffee Mug" of Chodorow.
@solarce genkuie! You are #oscon? If yes, make sure go to 10:40 talk "How I Got Rich From Cassandra And The NoSQL Ecosystem" of Ellison.
@solarce not understand U S and A sayings. Is good what you say?
For #oscon I like Mickos keynote of "WTF Will Eucalyptus Do Now That Openstack Has Launched"
I am excite see #oscon schedule. Very bad I can not able attend, busy implement #openstack cloud in Kazakhstan. I tell you best talks to go.
Hello #oscon! How many Gentoo user take change lightbulb? TRICK QUESTION! Not work: 'emerge: there are no ebuilds to satisfy "lightbulb"'
Here result: "python setup.py build_sphinx --&gt; error: invalid command 'build_sphinx'" I afraid for life now if I not able implement cloud.
Here #openstack Swift README: "To build documentation run `python setup.py build_sphinx`, and then browse to /doc/build/html/index.html."
@trenthornibrook ask stupid question if sister at #oscon. She not in computer! She represent Kazakhstan at walk cat: http://bit.ly/c4xYp6
#oscon attendees: good sleep! In Kazakhstan we just start work day. Have long day ahead, need implement #openstack cloud for government.
#oscon attendees must tired by now. Quick joke wake up: How many Solaris users take change bulb? Can not change until buy Oracle license.
@ShitMyDevOpSays have lots code. Will start show sample soon. #devops #scripting #cloud #openstack
Last lightbulb joke today. How many Apple fanboy take change bulb? TRICK QUESTION! No need change, Steve Jobs say bulb never go out #oscon
I am excite for see many lightbulb joke at #oscon. How many Windows user it take change lightbulb? We not know, Active Directory is down.
How many Ubuntu user take change lightbulb? Only 1, but need climb on back of Debian user first. #oscon
Greetings from Kazakhstan to all #oscon man and woman! Azamat say he think you release better version of Windows at end of #oscon. Is true?
@zedshaw am sorry, not get your joke. Not hear of Tiajuana, is in Arizona?
Stop joke for now, I need read @zedshaw new method of blog post in 43 separate tweet. Today is on cryptography.
I tell many #devops jokes to Azamat, he not get half of them. I tell him go buy Unix lemur book, make some brain cells.
I tell a joke to Azamat. How many #devops it take to change light bulb? Only one, but need root access. Azamat not get it, he use Windows.
#devops to psychiatrist:Had bad dream, sky dark, full clouds, and no firewall protect network. Doctor:Is OK, with cloud no need firewall.
In Kazakhstan we have a good humor: why is beginner #devops afraid go on inflatable boat on ocean? Because afraid of wireshark. You like?
I have buy Facetime for iPad pirated by assholes Uzbeks. I am only person have it in Kazakhstan. I use for look when shave.
My friend Azamat own iphone 4. He say work well as mini small computer, not work as phone. Is true? I am think get one of black market.
I am follow opscode people. They all very happy for puppet money announcement. Does mean opscode start port chef to puppet?
@ripienaar you win me. I try not use word sex in twitter postings and stop be sexy pig.
Kazakhstan government call me and say @openstack is a shit. They say use Rackspace Cloud, you pay dollars but you go to trial if not work.
I am wait for @openstack project to make use of glorious #devops of Kazakhstan. We bring sexytime to table.
Wa wa wee wa! @scobleizer is work for rackspace now? Is big surprise, I have think he makes dollars from blog and lick celebrity assholes.
I start follow @zedshaw. Am try learn more expressions from U S and A for sex and penetration. Is he write code too?
I read capacity planning book of @allspaw. Is like sex with prostitute, short and pay lot of dollar. I like, is sexytime for #devops.
@tnm8 genkuie, I will try penetrate fossil and let you know. I hear of git, it make me laugh because we say git to horse for turn to left.
I spend 4 hours on portings from VSS to CVS. What pain in my assholes. Try convince Kazakhstan govt to use DVCS instead. What you recommend?
@GarryDanger chef on puppet is like old Kazakhstan saying "Bandit with knife go in wood manikin as ram do sheep penetration"
@zef Jamie Zawinski: "Linux is only free if your time has no value"??? He full of a horses shit up to forehead. He try use Windows 7?
Is 6 morning in Kazakhstan. Must work on govt task in portings of source repository from Visual Source Safe to CVS #infrastructureascode
@obfuscurity self understood I pay attention. I use NetFlow with 3COM switch. All nosql good for analyze. I use combo riak/psychic donkey.
Before @joestump mad to me, I give fast detail with @simplegeo work 100% in U S and A, but only 57% in Kazakhstan due plutonium datacenters.
In #devops team I do lots network diagrams. In Kazakhstan not use clunky PCs. Use tablets. http://twitpic.com/26ko9k
@joestump I am use @simplegeo API pirated by assholes Uzbeks. Work 43% of time, not very bad when look at original API which work 57% time.
I see Inception on DVD pirated by assholes Uzbeks. Very good #devops lesson: if data center go dark and quiet, it only is dream.
@moonpolysoft in #devops we not do politic. We do service-oriented or SOA for money (we prostitutes).
I have first config management implementation: chef cookbook that do grafitti on puppet dashboard, then uninstall of a puppetmaster. #oscon
@ShitMyDevOpSays in #devops we not run sudo, only root direct. Good idea for sexytime project, I discuss with Azamat. I excite already.
@ShitMyDevOpSays Azamat say you are genie, I believe now. I work at config management, I have good #devops ideas, not time to implement.
@ShitMyDevOpSays jagshemash! Not release of a project to OSCON. Am occupied of porting BigTable for Kazakh govt. You have suggestion?
I am at OSCON during next week. Will watching O'Reilly keynote, he is my favorite animal author. I will fight naked with Azamat on stage.
@antonyfalco much excusing,update to BigTable portings. Oracle RAC is a horses shit. Kazakh govt pay for Larry MIG! What you would use?
@dmcclure genkuie, you make me very excite. RT Happiness is finding the next @DEVOPS_BORAT or @ShitMyDevOpSays tweet in my timeline! LMAO!
@antonyfalco I am see. Not wanting to intrude. Good night.
My friend Bulat say no use MySQL and use Drizzle? Can I use? Is any good? My requirements of analytics and nosql.
We have good sports in Kazakhstan. In #devops we hit one to other over back of neck for team building. In the U S and A it have fussball.
Kazakhstan very good at ice hockey. Are 7 teams, I keep scores and final results with cloud computing. I am use private cloud on VirtualPC.
Azamat keep refer analytics to me with pig. I laugh on tears. How is pig good for analytics? We make sausage of pig.
@moonpolysoft for impotence I recommend old Kazakhstan remedy: penetration with sheep.
I keep part-time job in #devops at Astana, Kazakhstan. Every day gourmet chef is like googleplex. Serve 3 courses out of horse meat.
Big failure with Microsoft SQL Server. It is a shit. Is OK, I learn from failures in #devops. Next I implement BigTable in Oracle RAC.
twitter bad for me. I have little energy for sex now.
I get Kazakhstan government contract. I have implement BigTable in Microsoft SQL Server.
I have google interview in Astana. They ask me why sewer lid is round. I tell them put khram in your asshole. In Kazakhstan lid is triangle.
#devops analytics. You monitor in nagios? I run nosql and tell you like penetrate sheep. You monitor in zabbix? You like penetrated by ram.
@obfuscurity "Everyone who stereotypes is full of shit." I LIKE! Is very close to Kazakhstan saying "Give gypsy a finger and he take hand"
We have youtube in Kazakhstan. I like show Reno 911. My wife she calls me a Dangle. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TBl7dOhnPs
In my visit in the U S and A I meet Warren Buffet. He very good man. He advise me invest in Sun Microsystems. How I do that?
My friend Azamat very stupid. He know fewer letters than ls command options. #unix #iq
I try use cloud computing. I can not able to press reset button on front of computer? Is bulls shit. I build private cloud in Kazakhstan.
I am use Open Solaris too. I like dtrace very much. Is pussy magnet.
Kaskyrbai my psychic donkey say Sarah Palin next president of the U S and A. You believe? He never is wrong.
Boyfriend of my sister is #1 pimp in Kazakhstan. He make me use iptables on prostitutes laptops. He not want them use facebook. #security
I have use open source because I like to dissident. I am installed gentoo on my amiga laptop.
In Kazakhstan we are forbid use open source. Big companies from U S an A have monopoly. We use IBM OS/2, 3COM switch and Netscape browser.
In Kazakhstan we make use cloud computing. Need little sysadmins. At plutonium datacenters all workers have 3-4 arms. Very easy to do rack.
Next #devops meeting in Kazakhstan near Astana in abandoned plutonium mine. Is nice datacenter now. Big woman with 3 arms will open door.
We have good saying in Kazakhstan: look hard enough down a camel vajin and you see Perl 6.
Donkey Kaskyrbai predict Kazakhstan beat crap out of Uzbekistan. Have same prediction from #redis. But Uzbekistan not in group! WTF #redis
Wa wa wee wa! I try 6 nosql tools and each say different football winner. What pain in my assholes. I ask  Kaskyrbai my psychic donkey.
Kazakhstan football team in same group with Germany, Austria, Belgium, Azerbaijan,Turkey for Euro 2012. I run some analytics.
This Kaskyrbai my psychic donkey. Mean wolf in Kazakh language, is predicted will be eat by wolf. http://twitpic.com/266xam
@lstoll erlang mean tongue on shit in Kazakhstan. Is good?
#devops analytics. If you like masturbate on Java, I use nosql and tell you also like masturbate on Ruby, Clojure and TDD. #hunch
Azamat say MongoDB name comes from making very long khram. Is true? Can I use?
You know Vinokourov from Kazakhstan? He win at Tour in France. He needs use ruby to grow testicles, he have no more left.
My friend Bekzat say ruby very strong scripting,make him grow extra testicle. I say 'Bulls shit Bekzat,is because of plutonium data center'
Have task to send postings to twitter in codes. Fast polling on what scriptings I use? #ruby #perl #go #python #clojure #c++ #erlang
In Kazakhstan very easy to open new data center. Buy abandoned plutonium mine. #infrastructure #devops
Lot of #devops say 'lean on it'. Make me laughing on tears. In Kazakhstan means penetration with a sheep.
We have good saying in Kazakhstan: Python frameworks so many like a goat droppings.
In #devops we know good network. I put token ring network around Kazakhstan. I monitor with horse back.
In Kazakhstan is very easy to make #devops team collaboration. I throw team down uranium mine and they have goal to come outside. Is funny.
A little months ago I tried install reconnoiter. Was big pain in my assholes. Is the same?
Reader ask how big a Kazakhstan infrastructure. Very big, cannot go by feet, need use a horse back. I do backups by camel.
Great success! I automated a Kazakhstan infrastructure with C++ scripting language. autoconf is a high five! #devops
In #devops we need good solution quick. I have great solution for iphone antenna: put it far up asshole.
I am twitter prostitute. You follow me and I follow you back. #devops #collaboration #kanban
Sexy time with @DBAHULK. He show me how to fuck Oracle long and hard. Great success!
@harej Zed Shaw say Rails people also like sex in the mouth. Is true?
At #devops meeting I hear Rails is also pussy magnet. Is true?
Kazakhstan government make me use Windows 7. It is pussy magnet.
@tnm8 is true. He make certification for scrotum masters.
@argv0 riak mean radish in kazakhstan. I try it and let you know.
@argv0 I LIKE NOSQL! What data base will you let me use? My friend Azamat is stupid, maybe I keep your data base and give him postgres.
@vvuksan maybe @ripienaar is bored by sexy time.
I hope you make next #devops meeting in Astana, capital of Kazakhstan. Will be a lot of sexy time! We have camels there too.
I write #devops book for animal series. Has cover with horse on it with erect member.
In Kazakstan we know make rain from cloud. You do this with #cloud in U S and A?
Is #chef and #puppet like Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan?
I like kanban meetings. Best sexy time.
Wa wa wee wa! #chef has member like can of Pepsi!
If you need web server, please use nginx. It is made in Kazakhstan. I like very much.
I like sex. I think I choose couch database.
I look into cassandra. It is a shit.
Is apache the best in the U S and A?
My friend Azamat he like a nosql. He not sure what use. I do research for him.
If I do #devops can I have sexy time?
Jagshemash! My name a Borat. I like #devops. I also like sex yes?